i wouldn't know i'm not a sports fan at all
chiefs and fans piss me off like you only have one championship and no one remembers #generationgap



this is my block. i got my goons on the ready, don't try me
boyyyyy i hope i do catch you in these streets so i can fuck you up 
oh yeah, we definitely throwing hands. on sight. don't let me catch you on my block
we can throw hands, box, scrap, do karate, whatever you prefer 
we throwin hands now
you heard me 
excuse me? 
don't let it happen again 
you right you right, sorry for doubting you 
of course not, not to my future husband 
idk. would you? 
you really think i would lie to you edgar? 
quit lyin lol
you didn't know? 
wait you're hispanic? 
gotta keep in touch con mi parte hispana
i see you! 
this selena playlist got me jammin



by running away and never coming back
of course you have i shouldn't have ever doubtedhow we celebrating leaving the prison then?
dw i got this all covered 
ohawks...not too big though right? i've got little hands remember 
it's a fucking rock
i am trusting your taste in 
i'm pretty good
i'm yet to get used to your superior ways louyou impress too much
what do you take me for an amateur?
you know my ring size 
got the ring already, good deals here 
buckers wedding plans can start 
we've waited so long for this moment 
i'm absolutely buzzingfor my main bf to be free
counting them down gf

30 days until i'm free forever 



good bro 
i really don't 
right 
nah man i don't go there
 on me that was long ago you at the lu now i wouldn't even 
how many years ago was that
what happened to the one you almost killed cause she couldn't breathe ? 
boy where they at tho my shit stay dry
on me bro you can have that tho you got all the sluts anyways 
word?? mbn bro
lol fuck around but i don't have to worry bout that no more 
u**
 my shit don't have those problems but ik i follow all the sluts and they active rn
lmao fuck no
lmfaooo it's about that time
nothing but porn on my tml rn 



lol ahhh that was refreshing
annnd i'll never look at dk the same
on like donkey kong in a children's thong
lol challenge accepted
lol pfft.. mercy for you to put down the controller and reconsider lool
haha you say that now, but wait till your begging for mercy lol
aiight, i will go easy on you lol
xb1
lol true. you getting it for xb1, or ps4?
too long lol
2 days lol
i'm good myself. waiting for titanfall 2 to drop already
good, hbu?
buongiorno my friend! how are you?



yeah she does. hope she stays till the end of series though
you can tell she's got a great career ahead of her.
madison has been amazing as amaru this season. definitely an emerging favorite of mine
yes he will. he and amaru stole the show this season.
he was a huge asset to the team. burt will be missed
before you added the weed to him. lol.
yeah i agree. hilarious that so many wants sm dead 
i loved burt. couldn't they have switched his fate with sex machine?? burt was so cool!!!
yeah. that sucked
they can't kill kate. i already lost burt.
yeah. really hope she is saved next week
i know right? i just wish she'd get the chance to kick butt. she's always getting hurt.
poor kate has been through the ringer. hope she is okay #fromdusktilldawn



i'll be serving looks
better be worth your time
we just talk  i'm wearing the cute outfit you gave me .. gotta put that to use
i'm jk don't be a home wrecker go get wined and dined lmao
 dead
make sure he's good in and out of bed or we cut his head off
but i'm snatching someone's
none cause we both don't got a man
whose man i gotta snatch
let them do what they wanna do it's how life works
that's when the low key hoes pop up
stock up
my apartment was handing out plan b and condoms .... only at student apartments ..



on like donkey kong in a children's thong
lol challenge accepted
lol pfft.. mercy for you to put down the controller and reconsider lool
haha you say that now, but wait till your begging for mercy lol
aiight, i will go easy on you lol
xb1
lol true. you getting it for xb1, or ps4?
too long lol
2 days lol
i'm good myself. waiting for titanfall 2 to drop already
good, hbu?
buongiorno my friend! how are you?



jus wanted to let yu kno i'm doing ok
chill yo , blowin me up like that on twitter
now why would i lie? and why m? so yu can ignore them?
you lyin  ion have my reads on  text me rn
i can even check mine and in fact it even says yu read them 
you can check my phone 
bs they all delivered
 i aint get no text
like i'm pretty sure i texted yu multiple and i didn't get a response 
wassup hollywood 

if he isn't obsessed with me , ion want him 



if u get on tonight, post a card and dm it to me.
i'm free from 1-3 pm and after 9:30 pm pct.
yo ill just grab it all tomorrow
oh ok bro. ill probably just save this other 50k when u need it lol
i have to look, its like 600k i think. i sold some guys.
its cool i can wait. how much mut coin u got?
if u need them now you can log in to my acct
3:1 ratio cool?
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



very true
it's a good thing it's in az. that way i can make a weekend trip.
to see them in spring training would be awesome!
but clearly the angels are type priority.
oh cool!
i'm trying to go. my friends' team are also cactus league.
yup!
especially because of spring training
i know but once when all the holidays are over. it will come by faster
it's so far away 
countdown mode! 
160 days until the season starts. 164 days until opening day.



blah blah blah same crappy side item. aight chill i gotta sleep, i have a test tomorrow
laynes don't got coleslaw u sloppy ass boy
i don't want any coleslaw with my laynes either 
what sports career? i'm an engr major, i'm a nerd i don't play sports, what's sports?
you lucky i'm nice and don't roast your sports career on twitter. for that you owe me free laynes 
 u started it
damn bruh, i hurt your feelings or something? can't handle it bro don't start it 
at least i didn't miss the sack that woulda pushed dawson to the next round of playoffs smh
i honestly think you just had a seizure, you should seek medical attention with yo snap,crackle and pop built ass
u look like a pickled pepper with ur plump pied piper plucker parakeet face ass
boy you built like a stuffed jalapeo pepper. gtfo my mentions bro. dont @ me
built like a boneless wing tho



plug in westwood
you got extra i can buy off you ?
damn i got mine
shid we couldve copped &amp; matched but you aint mobile
i'm not mobile but wassup
me too link up
i'm on 21st
crib i need some though i aint got it
wya
match 
what's the move



going home?
i won't be at school.
do you want to go to lunch friday? since u like to eat?
eat. partying. shop. chill. hang with friends.
what do you do for fun?
yeah somewhat
you have lots of friends?
i like it. it's cool.
me too, how do you like nccu so far ?
yes
you watch greys anatomy ?



he closed with it  he played a lot more dub this time around
aryay slaaayed! lawn mower is the jam
oh i fuckin hated the nick colletti thing i missed half empty :( saw half of aryay he was cool
same! so impressed with all the sets tonight
dude i had a lot of fun actually
did you have fun?!
i was in the back gloving :)))
yes!! i kept looking for you!
oh my god were you there!?
right
getter dropped dragons by virtual riot, a riddim track, but i guess we're all just gona ignore it lol



yes yes the days it's worth itcare gkorius. the rest? eh
gotcha. i regret becoming a lawyer most days. i should have thought harder about this decision.
nah but i wanna
did you quit your job
i sorta feel like i've made a huge mistake
(hugs)i feel like that more often than i'd like to admit.
i am at my wit's end here
it sucks so hard
ugh ok yes i've been there too recently and blahhhhh
applying to jobs for which you are perfectly qualified and not even getting a call
quick, name me something more demoralizing than applying to jobs for which you are overqualified



okay okay i do know
nothing pues 
...hmm deja lo piensoi dont know
que cres?
que quires comer?
bring me food and ill let it slide
not scared soo.... i'll be waiting to beat some ass
im gonna be at your door step in 5 
.... &amp; if im not?
you better be talking bout someone else 
ima really fight him



what about today?
i won't be at school.
do you want to go to lunch friday? since u like to eat?
eat. partying. shop. chill. hang with friends.
what do you do for fun?
yeah somewhat
you have lots of friends?
i like it. it's cool.
me too, how do you like nccu so far ?
yes
you watch greys anatomy ?



stfu ho
mhm well hope you go bold
yeah u still dk how imma have it lol, im trynna get a different dress so
formal goof thought you changed your mind
wait for when headass
to flat iron it dummy
wait for what bro
i think not you can wait 
 i just want to bro
um for what 
finna flat iron my hair



thashhhhh right
ok ok we'll go together lol
wth i was all excited n shit:/
staaa
i mean i guess 
to my dick appointment ?! why not 
so am invited?
ihy
lmao
thank you bb lmao that pic 
happy birthday babe!!



you too hun
i will, thank you. be safe and have a wonderful day 
hope you have a great day and a warm one :)
yeah, i'm with you. lol
hate rain  that mixed with cold. the other day it was pouring
raining like crazy here.
doing good, very cold tho lol
i'm good thank you. how are you?
morning hun. how are you this morning?
good morning 



it's okay i'm sure kevin will fight the ghosts 
its already lit!! next to my bible!
 it's okay just light that candle before you sleep
fuck. that.
maybe you'll dream about doris 
quija got me fucked up!
just watch out at night 
i was so bored that it seemed like i was scared.
someone was too jumpy 



i said what i said and in that order 
too late 
how about this then 
yes i do, that emoji on the end is shade lol
you don't even believe that but ighhhhttt you got ittt 
y'all are insulting me on the low lol that's fine
i mean the spurs got rings so it can't be too bad 
 i don't know if i'm offended or happy. what does that mean lmao
lmfao that tells me everything about you
someone just told me that being a spurs fan coexists with my personality lmaooo 



just be in class you have a speech
how 
very much so
but it's not
thats stupid
let's do rock paper n see if i win we don't go if you win we go late
neither do i
i really don't wanna
yes nigga and so should you
you going to class tomorrow



forever tired bruh
keep pushing almost done

making that bank at 3am lol only a few more hours and we done #pushit
trrrruuuue
right would make work go by so fast i swear
etc we could be clowning  now 
like for real too bad we ain't working together. we would be clowning tho
fam i swear on life we the only mfs up rn smh
and i are the only ones awake at this hour



ok.. it's lit!
when you off and shaq ready
ohhhh okay okay cool. what time you tryna go?
it's at the prison here in jeff
i'm off friday but i picked up this shift from somebody  i get off at 9. how far is it?
i been ready but will y'all be free to go friday
i kept asking y'all when y'all wanted to go and y'all never replied. boi
i still ain't get the details fr i'm looking them up tomorrow cuz obviously you wasn't gone do it
cute
going to a haunted house friday? who wanna go



yeup! loved it and the one you actually cooked. especially that.
really nw
loooooool no g that actually full me
that ago mek someone greedy like you more hungry lool
meeda take one right now
might just drink a cup soup ya nw
donuts &amp; work  u?
what's up today?
ayyye von don 
ash 



you are making me hungry.  chinese restaurant is across the street.
ever had huoguo(chinese hotpot )?
pretty much most. shaschwan and hunan. like spice
haha,what kinda chinese food do you like?and wats look like in us?
so dinner time. wish i could eat real chinese food. not what get in the us
sorry for busy with my work.its 1606 in china,same district with shanghai
in north dakota, usa it is 1:54 am
wat time is it there?
why are you still up. get sleep. dam



so it's different for me 
i'm aware lol
but i was legit fucking my hoes. lol
i miss the hoe-having lifestyle sometimes...the finesse that came along with it.
you in a relationship tho
i'm in the same boat fam
ehh
the way it should be
i have zero hoes back home now lmao



i do really like this idea
which is why i suggested adding immigration to the mix. in your own firm.
i do and i love it but there's not enough work to keep me afloat
don't you work for yourself?!
i mean we have local firms here but they aren't hiring
where is the closest immigration court? and why industry? we rep people not industries. mostly asylum, etc. tough work though.
i've thought about it but there's not a big industry here
do immigration work. it pays and you help people who really need it.
all i want is to continue representing indigent clients accused of crimes. why is this so fucking hard.



and keith
kinsey got arrested lastnight for talking in the hallway
brb, gotta get dad and he's gonna call upd
last time i checked you stayed in my room
last time i checked, you sleep in my bed
you get tf out of my bed
get tf out my bed









i hate you bye lmao

fake? yea i know 
you know how i be
i said hi friend yesterday and in the video you said no
again? when did you stop being my friend though
:) are we friends again
nice to be back shitty
welcome back turd!!!



same, goodnight !
hell nah im about to force the sleep
i'm not , i won't allow it . whelp, there isn't much to do at this time of the night.
you bet not be in ya feelings lol im just up doing nothing
laying here listening to music lol, what're you up to?
lol wyd fam ?
hello 
hi
already regretting staying up this late..



i've been doing me fam
don't think just do
thinking about it
just do it 
nah i can't cause someone said they'd drop me if i do
i need a skype buddy so hurry up 
g shit boutta get one
that's why you need a android 
boutta break my phone



come see me!!
okay whatever
i came from heaven genius hence what i meant
that didn't answer my question and i know you are
i'm a gift from god
where have you been all my life?
that's a really good answer
avi!! i do miss you
sup whore. do you miss me??



okay, sounds good
ight i will hit you up to confirm cause idk when im gonna get work done to my car...
we can go thursday.
or tomorrow
i'm down
lets go get food
nothing, why?
wyd thursday
nothin but a bunch of broke boys around here i'm disgusted. lol



they live in the south side of chicago dude lmao
south side lifestyle..?? who are you
lmao wtf the shows good dude. its south side life style they stay ghetto
does it get any better or are they ratchet white people the entire time
oh lol i'm on 7, the current one
1
what season are u on?
it's ok
i wish i could express to you guys how much i hate frank and debbie from shameless



pretty close i'll bet
no you can't
not many push ups but i can bench 3 evans
i don't feel like your dedicated with the whole only 7 push ups thing
wow can you train me?
yeah i can do like at least 8 just sayin
like, at least 7
how many push-ups can you do
i'm in better shape than the other big guy at work, so that's nice



we gonna see each other fr i want pics in the meantime
after ait , so dec or jan.
when you coming back to br ?
gooodd
good , how you ?
how you doing

i miss you moreeee
i miss ameya so much



youre a liar you just wanna see westbrook posterize durant
i seriously love him
me either man. westbrook is on a mission
i just wanna watch them play the thunder
god damnit 
i have more cap space then they do
need to get someone in there besides pachulia. he can play offense but not defense
no bigs will be a problem
the warriors look like they forgot how to play defense.



you know how dat nigga is.. ima hit yo line later and see wat you on
his lil shit
bout what
bet, ur brother bullshitted last night
lmfao, ian got no moves, link up.
u gotta stop that shit  watchu on tonight 
bitch make me change it
man change your faggot ass avi
i'm in class bout to die man



i feel you on that, yeah fable is cool. one of the 2 western rpgs i like lol
i've always wanted to play fable im trynna get physical tho and have a cool collection
theres also fable and the knights of the republic games(on pc too i believe)
im liking what im seeing might have to invest in an xbox and jump on the team
jet set radio future, shenmue 2, panzer dragoon, ninja gaiden black, otogi 1&amp;2, gun valkyrie, outrun 2
yee
as in og xbox?
so uhhh what are good classic xbox tittles
ps and nintendo over xbox for me but i'm willing to pick up xbox stuff for my collection



you know i will
rock it!!
wfmj at 5-7am 
omg i will!!! hahahaha
watch me on the news at 5 am 
you and me both! hahaha all in this together
girl you for real know i'm about to come to our class looking dead hahah
don't sleep, that's what coffee is for
i have to be up in a hour and still can't sleep. life is great rn 






i'm... going through changes too. 
lmaooo welp  i hope you're well 
i've peeped



you may be right.



 annoying
i changed my handle again  lol



she was from the dirty south though
lmao idk my last south ting couldn't handle the pressure.
lmao this the good part of the south
ahh man chick probably look like freddy kruger 
naaaah this my southern yaams, she got a friend for you lol
lol same chick we was talking about?
fucking donuts smh naaah but old fling hit me up on snap about you lol
niggas still mad about those trash cinnabon's smh
but i can't miss out on some money



yeah you gotta purge sa bro 
this is every morning!
damn y'all traffic that bad bro? oh nah you gotta go back home and start over
the issue is i haven't even made it to 35
oh yeah you sleep lol. coming down 35 you was gon have to leave at 5:30 .
bro i was suppose to be on my way up there but i've been in traffic!
we chillin up here in austin lol
this shit happens every fuckin morning. fuck sa man.
i should not be in traffic for 30 mins to get to a destination. this is unacceptable.



aw man i miss working out there endless good food
no bethesda
just asking lol u work in va ?
watchu meen ... i'm omw to work .
wyd up
goodmorning !!
already ahead of da game 
better get their
long as im across da bridge to va before 615 im good lol



stop yelling at me
fuck my bad
did you just assume my gender?
brehhhh lol
you're fucking scum, you deserve a seift kick to the jaw you oppressor
i'm literally cackling rn lmaoo
as a vegan crossfitter i am fucking tirggered
hahahaha sdhejshsn lmaoo
i identify as transcisgenderfluid dirty laundry with a side of trashkin and aikin. also i'm a furry.



pics of me?
u didn't i just feel uncomfortable. would appreciate if u had some pics or something
did i offend you man? never meant to do that. 
that block button is itching 
hahaha
am i gonna have to keep an eye on you? 
unless you are police omg
aren't we all?
i'm stuck between wanting to cry and rolling a blunt



our new gm is going to be from vegas hahaha hopefully she's cool
wow she would be leaving 
he got a better job.... and it's naomi's last day next tuesday lmao
but why tho
yes over the phone 
yo, wtf rod quit?
i just got off of work lol
go to sleep
it is barely going to be wednesday and the type of fuckery i've had to deal with is beyond me



shit i am  a nigga need at least 5 hrs a night
this just my life bro i'm not a big sleeper
shit weird ain't it ?
bro idk i just can't sleep
ctfu nigga why
nigga i ain't even been sleep yet smh i'm salty
idek why i'm up bro i can't sleep

i need to smoke, this cold turkey  not going



i have work!
we can chill after if you want!
yup in class rn.
ughhhhh this bitch. you have class today?
i can't stand my grandmother .
lmao. you alright?
nah all love your way boo.
@ me
this women really really knows how to fucking piss me off .



it use to be our god! you've become this selfish person . you should switch gyms!
omg
you can have him. he ain't shit anyway!!
you know wassup lol
ain't even deny it!!

c3 &gt; me
mf
nothin like gettin together with the guys and just having a good genuine conversation 



will do, from one night owl to another. lol
thank you! will do! if there's ever anything you'd like to see, just shoot me a tweet! 
keep it up girl! 
oh, you're so kind! i'm just happy i can share my love of music &amp; country music with you. 
really mean it and your knowledge of music is crazy good.
aww, thank you so much, gail! means a lot! 
you are so cute! enjoy your tweets.
just pinned my first tweet on my profile! should be interesting....



ahh i can't wait too see him tomorrow 
peroooo queee sexy
when he said i go to the gym we were both like  que ? lmaooooooooo
he did ask i heard him clearly  we already know his name and shit 
i got nervous lmfao imagine he didn't ask for our names and i'm like alexis  he'd be like tf ? 
bitch you ignored him he's prob all sad at work rn 
dude i'm in love with him  i neeeeeed his number lol



damn bro text her you did something that you don't know you did lol
lol nah i remembered i told you man i was being a good boy smh
lmao you forgot her birthday
i won't even acting up bro lol,
smh
man i actually was being shit this time you know,
damn bro lmfao who you fuck over?
somebody really slashed my tires yesterday lol



idk i just thought of it
when did we agree to that??
i thought it was sapphire
be quiet sage
well u r a bootyhole
no
:-( imysm, come back and stay for like 30 days
in a week and i'm sad



okay, youve got me there.  i wonder if his # is still the same.
you must not know lance very well :)
theyll read email.  :)
is allowing it, even if the ncaa missed it somehow.
i suggest that you refer this to your coaching staff.  tell lance that geof morris sent you.
he also went back to tier 3 juniors for some time too. coaches recruited him knowing he was semi-pro. violation?
but if theres shenanigans there, ill take forfeits on the debacles this weekend.
soooo lssu has a former major junior player on their team that's leading their team in scoring... thats not legal#thingsthatmakeyouwonder



dont tell me how to live my life
i hope so cause i just said to do that
oh i will
ok do you booboo
nope lol. ill stop wearing them
some girls. you're fine mf
ok sorry ill stop wearing them
some girls should not wear crop tops



aight see you then
turning up
wyd thursday night
alright lmk let's get it
midterms this week lol. i'm free starting thursday
automatic everyday if anything. where you was lastnight
what drink this wknd
came home shower get ready, but now i'm stranded.



*sigh* i guess you right... goddammit 
if the shoe fits rock it well you feel me pimpin
yeah i always gotta be the bad guy i'm sick of it *stomps the floor and crosses arms*
always?
why it always gotta be my fault???
i blame u b
shoulda been there already
taking my fine ass to bed 



what ? lol

same here lol
watching netflix. u
wyd
no seriously
suck for u
i hate how i cannot sleep at nighttt



 zamn
i'm about to put her up for adoption 
 motherhood
and she's fast asleep now.
damn my daughter is sitting here playing
my daughter. i was sleeping so well and she woke me up. smh.

i'm. going. to. kill. her.



nope not yet i'm drying my clothes , my ass fell asleep last night.,
you must be on your way to work ?
lmfaooooo!!!
and is .. cause i can picture your face if you woke up to it 
lol you jus too damn silly 
my gma was like what's wrong w. you 
lol girl you play too much i was serious 
had me loud asf laughing " unh unh don't do that " 



ik lets have a reunion
oh shit! ur right i completely forgot about that. that was a while ago too tho
no we were at that kids house w the pool and the tent and the speaker lol
facts tho last time i saw you were we doing community service  lmao
me too haven't seen u in 4ever
lol it's 9 i'm awake already
go back 2 sleep lol
call ur henchmen slime



lmfao do she think she joseline or some n blu n sheema
 saying what  ? who fixed her bowl?
lmfso we all was taking her ass out
you know i would've said some lol 
bra you should've been there

we was trying to ask this hoe who she was n she acting like we was paparazzi 
wanted to act like she was beyonc or some  when she came in to chipotle 



i'm not complaining.
okay but at least you got merch. be happy!!! you've experienced his show!! the little things matter most.
true. i was bummed i couldn't get the camo tee.
the one you see wearing the most. that's the one you should take care of best.
good idea. not sure which one.
frame a shirt. memorabilia!
i bought lots of it in oakland &amp; 2 items today.
anybody wanna snapcash me money for some kanye merch? thanks



where are you watching it from?
i lost the dvd
i still have that movie on dvd
same! but it's my favorite movie ever and she's my fav princess
haven't watched that movie in forever!
beauty and the beast
what movie?
i'm crying over a movie



you know when you come ?
it's straight son.. ready to come home tho
how they treating you up there ?
nebraska
wya now ?
i get off.. nigga had to be in at 3 this mornin
till 
7 more hours 



i don't think imma be conscious on halloween either  i'm having a house party , over 200 jell-o shots.
ur crazyy i wouldnt be alive for the nighttime 
day drinking 
shit fuck it ima be drunk ill be hot af 
 it's gonna be a harsh halloween
noo im so sad
fucking ice cold
i dont even wanna step foot outside cus i already know its cold



lol sure thing bud 
okay well no more opinions on mine. not your business. so keep your mouth shut. i'm done with this
it's my opinion of an animal therefore it is my business
talking "shit" about other people's animals isn't your business.
i'm allowed to talk about pig with my boyfriend that is my business
you're so childish, worry about your own damn animals &amp; let other people worry about theirs.
wow you're such a great influence on the new ffa members, you should be so proud of yourself
i send pictures of pigs to hayden to talk about how shitty they look



text me 7705499955
yea.
you in atl?
december 11th.
yeah dead ass when is it
fr? airline tickets 66$ round trip.
me
anyone tryna go to denver for the thug 21 show? it's gonna be lit.



thank boo boo! happy you're not with ur "hot shit" ex too ahaha
girl i'm glad you not with that controlling asshole anymore smh what is wrong with men lmao
right!? like girrrrrrl my ex didn't want me to wear shorts without him around lolol #trustory
you're right lol i dated an asian and he thought he was hot shit smh :/
i've dated 2 and they're both so similar thinking they're the shit and stuff. so possessive 12/10 don't recommend
girl why. they're so cute i want them all :( #althoughanasianbrokemyheartbefore
no, no you do not. trusts mi
i want an asian boyfriend



i'm not feelin class tomorrow rn but i definitely won't be feeling it in the morning
i wouldn't mind being weak if it meant i could get some rest before work 
"sleep is for the weak" id like some of it though
obviously sleep just isn't on our schedule for today lol
i have to be up for class at 8 this insomnia a bitch
it's annoying. i have to be up for work at 8! 
same des
can someone explain to me why i am still awake?!



so did i.....jk 
i thought i was gonna die lol
i was dead ass about to call the police hahahha
lmaoooo i was scared when i was at that creepy motel 
hold me. i'm scared lol
that movie is the creepiest movie i've ever seen
the strangers just csme on tv. i'm fucked. not sleeping..bye.



nah i'm not, gotta get my life together
nah you good
i know!!! midterms is killing me  i'm going to fix my schedule starting next week 
random ass eye emoji but whoa three hours who are you
i need to! i slept like 3 hours last night 
go to sleep
i'm trying so hard to keep my eyes open 



i'm chillin' lil mama
don't do this
i'm sure
i don't know what you talking about
lol oh plz. every day it's somebody new u tweeting abt to marry u or give u babies
this is why we can't start a family ima have to fight uber drivers lol
and i dnt ever shoot my shot smh



damn:/ 
buying a shirt directly supports the willow fund
me too!
ummmmmmm i'm cute?
free
$18
why are shirts so expensive????



 eat some clit
suck some dick
i'm so boredt
homework.
wyd
almost done. 
i got a presentation due tomorrow but of course i haven't started on it. 



fuck em
dont speak on my city rara 
ok 
no kause aint nobody doin you no type of way 
you 
who you talkin bout ?
ima just start doing her like she be doing me 



try me
so help me god i will get it trending if you don't play my name is mud
stop that hashtag now
now all three of us have problems #rubchucksback
but josh is the one who has a problem!
other way around
let's take a vote! should chuck rub josh's back?



ahhhh really? it was only 1 drink lol
no pos s ya vi que andas tomando si i can't lol
ahhhhh believe me !
ajaaa
hahha no nqv 
deseguro si andas cruda 
tengo un dolor de cabeza como que si anduviera cruda 



what about spurs?
warriors look terrible tonight the way they look they can't beat portland
they'll have a good season but they don't have enough to get past warriors or spurs
y'all sleeping on dame
you'll see
promise they won't
i'm very confident that cavs will win again. the king is still forcing his will on the league!



january 5th!!
ughhhhhh when does that come back?!
currently my favorite show... until nashville comes back.
lmao ok me
i always talk about being heartless but every week when i watch it i'm a little bitch lmao
that show fucks me up man
i just watched "this is us" and it made me cry a little bit.....again. lmao.



stay after school yo  that'll help you catch up.
i missed 2 days &amp; everyday a block day imma never catch up 
put it away and learn some spanish 
exactly my spanish teacher keep telling me put my phone away 
twitter is such a big distraction yo 

i was finishing up this assignment till i checked my twitter notifications 



ahhh i'm a white owl kinda bih. do the games burn slow
they have some good flavors, i usually just roll swishers all day tho
everyone has been talking about the games i might have to try them one time
either wild rush swishers or pineapple games
what are your go to skins
best feeling, i'm rolling one rn
i can't wait to go home and face a blunt in bed



thanks
ok srry
stfu and love me
that's fine, nexttt
oops
so ur cheating on me
some of the conversations ash and i have actually sound like we date or something idk



uuuggghhhh ok i guess i'll listen 
dark matter with todd &amp; dan tonight
tonight or tomorrow night?
good story &amp; btw todd &amp; dan need callers tonight ... 
yes he managed to blow the marble out of his nose. seriously almost shit my pants. 
good thing he doesn't listen to dark matter yet ... "snacks up your ass ..."  (hope everything's ok though) 
got my back on this one #inkmaster 



u can't tell me kid cudi name come up in music convo in 2016 tho
do that all you want

nigga yes like 2 weeks ago i was listening to his music while i was getting stoned
so u was bumping kid cudi in 2016 before the drake and kanye thing?
he's been relevant embecile
for making himself relevant again by dissing drake just like everybody else tries to do



lies
no i haven't played in a while
do u have a video of u playing
guitar
which one 
i can
i wish i could play an instrument lol



yes fr
are you serious you are down
just give me da date i'm downnnnn whenever
next month?
i'm down
let's go skydiving
i'm so bored



she's married ...
ya mama single yet wondering for the future if need be
ya mama
still gonna take offense, i'm a great person and a shitty one so you better recognize it ya hussy
lol i said i take that back
btw fuck you
i take dat back dat was mean



thinking emoji. get an iphone. 
that tweet was blank for me
what? lol
blank tweet

nah imagine
f/a



it's all good bro we are all in the same boat keep in touch tho
yeah if i'm not broke by then lmao my financial situation's fucked rn
54 per. u down?
i'd be down how much are tix
december 3rd
oh fuck dude when
anybody want to see weezer with me? in bethlehem pa? alert alert anyone



its so hard though.
jeffrey dean morgan is amazing in everything he does. i will probably come to love him.
i read the comics so it's gonna get interesting and jeffrey dean morgan plays him amazing.
very nervous to see what a season with negan is like.
same. i feel like i was there.
i am still not okay.
the walking dead just messed me up so much. and they killed my favorite character. i'm shook. 



wtf how
i guess living alone and i used 560gb which makes zero sense....
will do
might want to check out comcast new....data cap policy coming in november before you go to them.
either comcast or centurylink, i think. but literally anything would be an improvement.
who's gonna be your provider?
i cannot wait to move next month into a civilized area with reliable internet.



theres also fable and the knights of the republic games(on pc too i believe)
im liking what im seeing might have to invest in an xbox and jump on the team
jet set radio future, shenmue 2, panzer dragoon, ninja gaiden black, otogi 1&amp;2, gun valkyrie, outrun 2
yee
as in og xbox?
so uhhh what are good classic xbox tittles
ps and nintendo over xbox for me but i'm willing to pick up xbox stuff for my collection



he got a better job.... and it's naomi's last day next tuesday lmao
but why tho
yes over the phone 
yo, wtf rod quit?
i just got off of work lol
go to sleep
it is barely going to be wednesday and the type of fuckery i've had to deal with is beyond me



i was crying 
omg i would've been so scared lol
the cops came and helped me out
what did you do?!
it was terrible 
omg!!
my car died right in the middle of a roundabout  only me 



shoes falling apart haven't been up to going shopping
oh no! how did that happen!
what i need is someone to help me go shoe shopping. i'm literally wearing 2 right shoes
wish there was something i could do
pain. shoes. life.
'smatter hon?
help seriously



uh no text back ? 
quit lyinggggg
im not feeling well
y u leaving
omw home wyd
hey wyd
being attached ain no joke 



most definitely!
tell me about it... and some great pizza around too!
you should come back when there is. great sporting city.
great place. shame i was there when no sport was on!
would have happened ages ago if i had my way man haha.
how long before you swap the uk for san fran?! haha enjoy.
's wedding in san francisco city hall today.



.... the best grill cheese maker ...
lol noo who do u think i am your maid ? 
well since you're up ....
i know can't sleep duhh
but you're on twitter 
girl it's 2 am and i'm trying to sleep 
make me some food pls ....



bout what
bet, ur brother bullshitted last night
lmfao, ian got no moves, link up.
u gotta stop that shit  watchu on tonight 
bitch make me change it
man change your faggot ass avi
i'm in class bout to die man



bo3 and play with me haha and iw comes out in like less than a month
i've had one just have nothing to play on it
you serious??
guess it's a good thing i got an xbox 1
fuuck
no just the same like xbox and ps4 no pc
is iw gonna be cross platform?



you lit like me then 
thanks! and yup them too.
lol yeah i can say the same. and i saw you tweeting #riseup sunday io
see you cool people lol
#geauxtigers! #beatbama #buckfama
lsu in the avi 
lsu in the avi?



shit weird ain't it ?
bro idk i just can't sleep
ctfu nigga why
nigga i ain't even been sleep yet smh i'm salty
idek why i'm up bro i can't sleep

i need to smoke, this cold turkey  not going



this team making my chain of command in my army days from 2008 look like geniuses lol
i actually don't mind it i've worked for fuckin hitler soooo
lol yup...with the absolute best management  /sarcasm
wait you worked here too? lmaoooo
nope....legit, i was that employee.  and was dead serious too.  we're out until thursday &gt;_&gt;
don't be that customer lol
welcome to buffalo wild wings, where we're out of boneless and honey bbq...



my nigga is spider-man now
you look like peter parker in highschool....getting bullied lmao
bruh i still got all the old shits and some new shits let's not start this roast
why you look like dr. doofenshmirtz tho ..
boy i ain't know you ain't talking to me hunch back of norte dame
my nigga big birdd shit fam thanks my dude that shit means a lot stay up out there g
happy c-day my nigga 



you always forget smg
true i forget you work during the week lol
naw at work going to catch the highlights tho soon
ayye... you saw the warriors get waxed 
yes sir
your going?
gonna be live at the kanye concert



oh who would that be?
cause someone keeps making my phone light up 
why don't you go to sleep?
barely
oh look you're still awake
never
you can't miss your opportunities 



ok give me a sec :)
oh awesome!! my gtag is islaycodx
i have a xbox1
damn! xbox 1 
psn??
i'll play with you!
i kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo



wfmj at 5-7am 
omg i will!!! hahahaha
watch me on the news at 5 am 
you and me both! hahaha all in this together
girl you for real know i'm about to come to our class looking dead hahah
don't sleep, that's what coffee is for
i have to be up in a hour and still can't sleep. life is great rn 



i sorta feel like i've made a huge mistake
(hugs)i feel like that more often than i'd like to admit.
i am at my wit's end here
it sucks so hard
ugh ok yes i've been there too recently and blahhhhh
applying to jobs for which you are perfectly qualified and not even getting a call
quick, name me something more demoralizing than applying to jobs for which you are overqualified



thinking about it
just do it 
nah i can't cause someone said they'd drop me if i do
i need a skype buddy so hurry up 
g shit boutta get one
that's why you need a android 
boutta break my phone



any other suggestions or is lil peep all you listen to these days? lol
gotchu 
just listened to both, good looks  lol
beamer boy or white wine. idk if you'd like it but i do lol
any specific song?
lil peep
someone put me on to new music please.



you can have him. he ain't shit anyway!!
you know wassup lol
ain't even deny it!!

c3 &gt; me
mf
nothin like gettin together with the guys and just having a good genuine conversation 



goof off
thanks, having a halloween luncheon today on our floor. we look for any reason to good off and eat
yes hope work goes well maggie x
thanks buttercup, getting ready enjoy your day
good morning maggie you at work now,hope it goes well for you x
good morning christie
good morning happy wednesday or hump day x



well...at least somebody understands my style
yw
thank u
i dig ur style lol
true facts yo
that part 
every girl needs sum chocolate in they life



hell yea, im omw to that bih now 
lmaoooo!!!! gots to get ya rest so you can make them good grades! 
i got sleepy fast
lol, wya?
bad game
about to get crossed up 
finna go hoop.



just working on some music, finalising some stuff. nahhh, not lately, i will when someone pays me to do so 
what's been happening with you though? you haven't performed recently have you?
i hear you brother
that's what up! mi deh yah mon another day another dollar you know.
i'm good! how are you?
i am  lol how are you
my tl is so dead coz none of my uk people are awake and active 



thursday after work
dang. when u going
i'll b in commerce
none i got a lame life. what's the play? link
hell yea. it make time go by fast but what you got going this weekend
lmfao u hell. b dropping shii i kno
i be at work high dennaho fucking up shi



alright bro
i'll hit you or you sis up when i'm headed down
alright bro 
i think thanksgiving is the earliest
like when exactly ?? 
i will be back in cc soon lil homie
imy



i want a defensive center. we got enough scoring players
you crazy i would do that trade anyday...
just cause
why not.!?
nope
that's why trade klay thompson for demarcus cousins
warriors big are soft. warriors gotta fill the center position



if it goes to 6/7, we will take u
that was about ohio state not the indians !
u punched a hole in the wall before i would ask u
you never agreed to take me 
you missed out
take me with you
is driving us all the way to cleveland tonight... say a prayer for us 



one is a women's wrestler the other is nikki bella
i do like carmella



well nikki is an athlete
said last week wasn't true
i thought you liked nikki?
not to be broadcasted to a bunch of bubblefucks with no lives on a reality show



yayyyyy :)) go i won't be there that long
i might meet u there
no, i'm leaving in like 5 min
did you already go to the rec?
lol funny
you can dunk that's  y
my dad still gives me shit to this day about choosing dance over sports smh



series like 30 years old breh
aww hell nah
way more lol
maaan aren't there like 20 of those games?
final fantasy
which
my spider senses tellin me not to cop this damn game



i kept my own lol.
they dont keep score in mighty mite smh #lies
hahaha i had 9 in mighty might at memorial lmao. but i suck at soccer i'm just fast.
i had my 1st 6 goal game when i was like 5 #easymoney
hater
lies
6 goals tonight, defintely best i've ever played. freaking love my team#deathrowfc 1-0



lol ima give it a gander 
 take it or leave it kianna lawd
if the description ass 
yea
is it good?
amber alert
wtf should i watch



like what 
naw...they pussy too good...make me do crazy tings man
get you a chubby girl to lay up with
im so cold tho
you'll be fine
i'm mad at her because she never gave me my hoodie back after the breakup
ok...exactly what are y'all mad at ciara about???



n i cant even see him 



what amanda said. those stuffed green peppers (from the 70s/80s.)
yeah, that's why i asked. it's often a filler vegetable. maybe in new mexico?
i mean cooked green bell pepper not jalapeno. overpowers &amp; kills meat dishes/sauce. other peppers/colors/fresh/sparingly ok
saison did a gourmet version of a jalapeo popper once. that was green and cooked.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? or any?
how many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? probably zero.



text me this weekend  and we can all hangout
this weekend cuz
i miss your hoe ass! when are you coming back ?
wass good?!
wassup andyyyyy
shut up
i got fake people showing fake love to me



since cnn has no ratings, it may be a good fit.
will welcome her.
all she can talk about. her ratings are down, which is good.
no one has brought that crap up today until her!
she pressed gingrich on trump's remarks about women..
i don't watch that crazy hag!! what happened!! #teamnewt
anger issues? he humiliated you, megyn. you're a joke, mk.



i have so much respect for you now
i'm so happy you're not a cubbies fan
i'm so happy you're a cards fan
you're welcome
go cards it is
go cards
twitter is so depressing tonight cause the cubs are losing 



*nose boop*
oh dear
less then two hours of work and 1% battery on phone
yup!
also exaid?
okay thank goodness
then stop



fuck off
who you? yea
petty
you don't remember saying you'd call me back or?
you don't have my number or?
shut up nerd call me already
lol gn.



hahaha i miss you. see you when i get back
go to zeke's pizza! it's average! :d
we'll be there!
jk seattle duh
what's your favorite spot?
it's amazing!
really looking forward to being in washington in the next few days.



lol she's always got candy. trust that   but you'll be the best fr. bc my mama won't help me 
i sure will. as long as emma got some candy left in that bag
nooooo  will you help me? 
have u cleaned up my baby
lol hey
hey abi
always stay humble and kind 



you're so real
lmao i will when i get a chance
yeah! you'd have to like 2 day ship though
like a ubake? in a freezer thingy??
theres no yops here! but if you wanna send me some, that'd be cool too
traitor
went to the gym now we just ordered pizza, its fine though bc it counteracts it



omg i love you, thanks girl
i'll see if i can make you some 
chicken noodle :)
i've got you, do you want chicken noodle or potato?
that actually sounds great lol
you want me to make you some soup?
i feel awful 



yes please 
we can go sunday when i get off?
i'm free whenever 
but when 
yayyy
let's go 
i wanna go to del osso 



yah i think so.
whoa, everything ok?
i'm at the er. might put my head in my lap lol but that's the best i got.
lmao cant just close ya eyes and count sheep?
i would lol if it were that simple.
schleep
i'm so sleepy.



 i was gonna say ur lucky lmao, i wanna go so bad
nah, just a cool ass picture
you went sky diving?
lmao put your boy on
you want me to give you a lil shout out?
damn jay, the plug like that bro
happy birthday!



maybe your perspective hasn't been tainted with miseducation and complacence. that gets in the way in a lot of cases
does it seem intentional? like she intentionally keeps herself ignorant so she doesn't have to actually think about things
i mean what kind of human can be this ignorant?
whenever i try to explain something controversial to her she never gets it and she's a smart woman -
i want to wait and see on this i've felt so similar but i have no proof
maybe she's just delusional?
sometimes i think my mum's a bot, then not, then i think she's a bot then not



md brokey
gay ass nigga
md fagget
md you gay
sound like u omd
sound like a girl
the audacity 



next weekend lol.
come get him bro 
i need to see him soon, next weekend !
easy money get that fool. liam keeping me up watching tv smh 
 work nigga 
night owl lol
4:12 am



hell ya next time i'm just gonna let it close lol
omg i couldn't
hell yessss
i know that hurt !!!!!omg!!!
no by myself just now 
yourself or you went to get them re done ????
lowkey wanna cry i just re pierced my nipple 



you can talk to the felon
lhh oh my gosh! and she didn't get one ticket?
snapping and driving, swerving all over the place, speeding  must i go on
omg whyyy lhh
not just one cop, but two got her azz
what happen
the cops hate andrea man



ofc you had people you knew there
are you saying that living in south dakota helped get me more followers???
i've lived in one place my whole life so that's my excuse
spam bots. also no big deal or anything, but i have a few more followers than you...
if i don't have friends then why do so many people follow me huh
don't act like you have friends on twitter you're talking to...
hello how is everyone doing today?



 wings &gt; anyday
biryani
replace pizza with algebra
algebra is love
i like algebra.. complications ..im good at that
loool i like trigonometry tho
i dont know why ppl study geometry



calm down cp3 is still better than westbroke
chill thot
no hes just the better player in general
if he keeps playing like that yeah
better than your girlfriend westbrook
mvp year
kawhi is the best player on the court at this current moment



i'm not mobile but wassup
me too link up
i'm on 21st
crib i need some though i aint got it
wya
match 
what's the move



the mad dog. it has sausage, ground beef and pepperoni on it. plus i add mushrooms.
whatchu get?
you should. it's definitely better than pizza hut or domino's.
hmm ok lol imma have to try it!
it's really good.
is that place good?
might have to hit up mod pizza. it sucks that it's all the way up north though.



na it's over after we get one more all star
his time not over till he retire 
can't forget him but his time is over
did you forget about who is still in the east ? 
we bout to reclaim our thrown in the east
false 
after we trade for boogie straight to the finals 



also the rap in my way home. gerard speed singing is aesthetique
2 iconque
nah i fully get that. kill all my friends + heaven help us are iconic
it's okay but (drag me) tbp's b sides defined every aspect of my emo ass adolescence
makes me feel like i'm in a vidya game 10/10 would recommend
good post
"zero percent" is the best mcr b-side no argument



lmao relly you don't scare nobody 
lol you heard what i said mf
you not good nigga
lol i'm good
fuck up
carry yo ass to sleep
the fact i gotta work in the am



ight come thru tomorrow gball , my mom wanna see her 
ima come over then take ha wit me 
okay you can come see her or keep her for some hours 
watever when it comes to neicey i'm free both days really &amp; yea i'm up on game already
wyo today or tomorrow you know where i star i moved out .. 
mann i been tryna see ha .. tell niya her mommy playin 



well you go get em...
she aint gone be able to go inna store &amp; if she get it from the person it from price 
i know, moms told me.. what's stopping you?
mane im tryna get that
ykt.
yu getting them 3's?
i paid $600 for sneaks, so baby watch my feet...



i'll try to think like that 
if they block you it's a win. always 
nah. no winning in this situation, i'm still annoyed by it. i'm probably the loser 
 looks like you win then
can't tag them, i'm blocked 
tag em no balls
it's okay, you're all talk and no walk. get over yourself 



things im so here for
i will be there with multiple $2 bills ready to go 
not the same raves as y'all but lauren said we were pregamning together and ur coming to the edm brunch
wait what raves are you doing this weekend
ill see you tmrw!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



your the wind beneath my wings 
luv u bae 
sooo happy yo bitch ass is back though 
that's why your bitch ass got left 
it's what i do best 
why are you such a disappointment.....
out here in the club in full on patriots gear.. random: hey dude are grownkowski?me: nah fam... i'm drunkowskiwild



where where 
yup ... busy busy
bdi mushkil se online aate ho
hello
hiii 







you shoulddddd, hotels cheap rn too
might go this year
every year
sounds like the get down
weekend of november 18-20th
when is it?
so the line up for classic weekend is blac youngsta, jeezy, gotti, gucci and lucci....



i have like a couple things to tell you but we'll just start with the stupid one
bruh how many times have you sworn me to secrecy!?  i know the rules
lololol you are swarm to secrecy like literally no one can know
you better tell me  #textme
i can't tell anyone. it's so dumb i'll probably lose all my friends
what did you do??
lol bye world i'm about to me murdered for being a fucking idiot. it was nice knowing ya. 



ya mom i played league, hop off 
i literally see you on discord playing league
i'm so busy rn tho d:
you should decorate! isn't sheena doing a carving pumpkin thing?
wtf idk just look for the greek letters lol
wait which houses have you seen?
seeing all the sorority houses with halloween decor really buffs my holiday spirit



i can see it  i guess i'll make a doctors appointment 
lol it's the motherly instinct in me  but frfr, get you some rest so you'll feel better
 okay "mom"
 what's more important? plus it's not like you're broke...
that's 8 hours gone down the drain i don't think i can let them go
you can miss one day. you need rest!
sick af but can't afford to miss work man  i'm so damn sad



lol okkkk i hear u 
im not a mechanic but i can get it done. thats simple shit
you know where the antifreeze go ? can you change a flat tire ?
im not wit that half lls not at all
half of ya.
who cant
niggas really dont have shit to offer but dick and headaches . you cant even put air in my tires



i know you are but what am i...
ur dumb bye
yea but at least ill still be in bed by the time your day is done
well, my day will end sooner than yours !!!
11:45**
i really dont know how ima be up for my 12:45
i really don't know how i'm going to be up for my 8am tomorrow



amen
don't worry god gots you
we could never no
maybe it is maybe it ain't
it's the devil
that's scary
i heard someone saying my name but no one up 



 thanks for checking lol
just checking 
it's in general. all the threads i've read the past couple of days lol
this about ur life or someone else's?
wut
heh?
guys will dead ass have you thinking they love you and the next minute they are fucking with someone else.



++ took unexpected twists and turns could not believe the ending would thesis again ++
and found they couldn't live without it
he'd look at their phones.which of course everyone owns
talking to peeps he'd just met
tim found himself at the market
a man named tim had a bucket
working on a 40 word summary of my thesis. pretty sure i can make a limerick out of this



right
gosh haha. you hit him with that left or right? haha
i know. i felt bad 
don't get to serious cousin haha
it wasn't my fault. he needs to stop play fighting with me 
that's not nice...
me &amp; borris were play fighting &amp; i accidentally punched him in the mouth 



and you can't make fun of us for getting super serious about it
perfect
well you have to watch survivor with us
am too ron said
not invited
me too!!!:)
mom is making steaks and hash brown casserole tonight.. i picked a good day to visit 



 we can talk about this later hahahaha ok i'm not going to answer anymore
hdjkgdydmyyndy i love you the most! 
ok bye love you twin (the most) 
go back to sleep..it's still early 
i thought so
yup she is 
isn't she sleeping?



lkjds im laughing oh my god
ifhdg i had that movie on vhs
yes,
does he drive a bus at the start of that
freddy's dead
which one is this
"daddy's waitin' for 'ya, little girl""shut the fuck up man"



we should make smores sometime lol
lool im hungry xd
i think we deserve froyo . but i'm still so full lol .
omg sorry i thought i replied to your other tweet already xd i got 84 *-*
lol how did you do on the test
82/100 let's gooooooo woooooo !!!!!
whatd you get in 351



hahahahah don't pee yourself this time 
i just keep rereading the original tweet and laughing way too hard lol
the struggle is real 
 i feel that way about most of my family
the older one but the younger one could use it too
uh oh, which one?!
my sister needs cunt punted into a pile of cow shit.



i'll be waiting
going to the teachers lounge
be there in 5 min bitch 
i'm near the gym fight me pussy
i'm waiting
i'll beat your ass 
jordan's fucking retarded



 you got me fucked up i was gone get everybody food
boy!! you will sleep in the bathtuband no!!!!!! i'll make sure everything is gone
make sure you got some koolaid and snacks in that bitch 
that's what you think!!
i'm staying at y'all house 
who care ugly mf
about to be in the city for 5 days 



you're making up stuff
 i answered! i think it was your fault!
i disagree.
yours!!!
and whose fault is that 
our streak broke 
i have some pretty long snapchat streaks, but i'm most proud of my timehop streak.



so incompletely unbundled.
discussing now the parking max 1 space per residential unit; but debating rather parking spots are truly unbundled.
coburn says costs to build now $347/sq ft without land costs!! (but large infrastructure costs with parking)
(which seems fine unless you have more than two kids? every unit doesn't have to be a forever unit)
current boulder junction development units - 91% are two or less bedrooms
city owned lot last in phase i, chance to fit in but also fill in some gaps
boulder council study session now on to pollard site (boulder junction)! just to explore scenarios to develop an rfp.



yea lol and they got errbody jackets  wonder if lucy got one... hmmmm  lololol
oh man i crey i just watched shay's snap they were all signing yearbooks and everything lol
today was keegans. i think tomorrow is the last last day? like almost all the sets are gone
is it their last day of shooting already?
but omg the snap of keegan and troian hugging and crying killed me
lmao i chose the first one cos i rlly haven't been catching up like i said i would lo
how do you feel about pll ending



thank you so so so much 
yes of course!!!  i got u
help me paint my face n b lazy?? not only did i hear you were braid queen but also makeup 
i have to make mine still 
i cant wait :-) i don't have a costume yet tho 
ugh yes 




your twitter name is accurate
nah you good
i know!!! midterms is killing me  i'm going to fix my schedule starting next week 
random ass eye emoji but whoa three hours who are you
i need to! i slept like 3 hours last night 
go to sleep
i'm trying so hard to keep my eyes open 



im sureeee u dont like me anymore
okay fuck u was gonna send u this new monitor i just got, but i guess not.
no phone
i meant on ur phone
no monitor
call
hi



they don't want you while you grinding /:
sad but true 
ik that but that's what some people won't and you can't achieve that without working to attempt to be perfect
no one's perfect
huh?
no one is
im not fucking perfect



littty
two more days b 
damnn lol
i don't get home till like  2 or 3 in the am 
i feels u b lol
that's how i be feeling b trust
finally omw home cant wait to get on my bed



we have general to chicken. which isn't even sold in china. it's good though.
haha,what kinda chinese food do you like?and wats look like in us?
so dinner time. wish i could eat real chinese food. not what get in the us
sorry for busy with my work.its 1606 in china,same district with shanghai
in north dakota, usa it is 1:54 am
wat time is it there?
why are you still up. get sleep. dam



i know what you did this morning
i don't do drugs
they're fun though lol try one

ruin

edibles will ruin your life



fuck you
"imma put a case on it soon" they said
yea son
that bitch shattered huh? lmao
remember the other day how we was taking about how fiya my phone looked without a case
what
guess what son...



 thank you but i'm not about play w/ you.
a fucking gorgeous time
what does it look like 
umm do you know what your face looks like
whyyyyyy are you always bothering me 
but this dick for everybody
i want you all to myself i swear.



no i have to work at 7 
actually ??
now?
when u tryna paint ??
bless up for the saint inside you.
ya
anyone wanna help me paint my room?



 yes i can wth lol smh whatever bye!!
i know you cant stay away from a party 
 me get caught up? psssshh yeah right, lol i'm not gonna stay home
&amp; you said "honestly imma stay home saturday night" you gonna get caught up
they can't stop me 
you're grounded though ?
i think i know what i'm gonna dress up as this weekend 



yes you do
i have no one to date josh
we can double date
i ain't gay
let's go
i'm 25 and never been to the pumpkin patch



awww. hope you day is good as well cutie
about the same, it's early here. :) i hope your day is a good one though.
good. trying to wake up. how are you?
&lt;3 ::purr:: how you doing this morning?
yawns. hands you coffee
good morning.



 about time
i'm better damn it 
what up sick
hiiiiii

good morning #cowboysnation 



but agreed on the advice.



brb getting dad to call upd
last time i checked, you sleep in my bed
you get tf out of my bed
get tf out my bed







hahahaha . no... it's 3:41am right now and i got home from work like 3 hours ago.. 
lazy day? get up and do something! (putahrages ang hirap jusq mali pa ata sinasabi ko) hahahaha
like. i'm staring at the ceiling cause i'm lying down 
so what's up men? hahahahaha
sure sure 
hoy tara englishan tayo! hahahahahaha



jesus 
stubhub lol
how'd you manage tickets this late
going to the game. and sounds good i'm not leaving till 2 tho
you going to the game or just going downtown? we'll be at tilted kilt by 3. stop in
welp see you tonight cleveland!! #rallytogether



yeah, that's why i asked. it's often a filler vegetable. maybe in new mexico?
i mean cooked green bell pepper not jalapeno. overpowers &amp; kills meat dishes/sauce. other peppers/colors/fresh/sparingly ok
saison did a gourmet version of a jalapeo popper once. that was green and cooked.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? or any?
how many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? probably zero.



ctfu
exactly

you gone get this frustration or nah if nah...hush it up!!!
oh so now you complaining? interesting
withdrawal is real smh



you could be even more selective.
some of them are dead! good luck with that! i'm very selective.
most of those people are re-posting the work of others.
you're full of it i have great photographers on my timeline!
but every now and then there is a photo i find interesting
@gnoccofritto honoured that you can waste a rt on my tweets! peek at my timeline for great photos, images, art.



lol, barely.
absolutely. still not sleeping i see.
i'm okay, ty.
aww how sweet is that. i'm okay, wbu?
legit thought of you the other day. appreciate it, love. how are you?
my dear, my sincerest condolences.  sending you love and light.



you're welcome to offer it, at least - but i'll offer a caveat first.
do you want some advices from me?
online, mostly. although this has sometimes pertained in my outside life as well. =p
speak verbal or speak twitter?
pretty sure an awful lot of people like me better when i don't actually speak to them.
trying to be more communicative with people and i'm not sure it's working out well for me.



dm me and i'll explain
im confused
what you on dude? dm me if necessary
not tonight im tryimg to save energy til halloween
i thought you were wasted man lol
14 days and our president will be



yes that's the spirit!!! honestly it was better the second time
ok time to watch another 200 episodes
no you pretty much just need to start over
like there isn't anything else to watch on netflix
i finished it last week and honestly i still don't know what to do with myself
just finished the last episode of that 70s show! now what am i going to do with my life??



yeah
rn?
on sc 
do it!
no stop 
post the picture!!



dad lives in rialto !
i thought you were in pomona?
you're going to be so much closer to me 
fontana!
where to ?
moving is so stressful 



i mean... every time i watch porn
when ya dick grow
when does your water break
thats just water weight
you been pregnant yo whole life
theres a rule. gotta be married a year before getting pregnant. slut



but i thought dr. phil said there are always two sides to a pancake.



i'll come see you on thursday 
what the hell  i thought you did ! ithats way too long ! 
i don't work thursday  i don't get to see you until next week
awe  do you close thursday?
i missed you at work 
so boreddd



only in your house 
man it must be in the air!! we woke up like this!!
*jamireo but naw i was woke just in time  why you and pooh having heart surgery and shit 
screaming to the top of mi lungs!!! jamerio!!!!! i wish your ass was sleep so i could have deleted it..
i hate yoooouuuu!! and yes!! i'm very heartbroken ian shame..
in their feelings going through a heart ache 



i think so
did you use your call sick frees? i got you i'm at 0 i think
let me borrow some points
 off
if only i didn't have to work sunday smh
my conference for my english is tomorrow instead of halloween. i could've stayed in vegas until monday :(



it screeches "exterminate" and does really loud shooting sound effects and it wakes me up in a panic
lol still sounds scary

it definitely did, like 12 times
did it exterminate your sleep?
daleks are so loud and scary, most effective alarm ever. scary as shit



i mean  do you follow the "rave exchange socal buy/sell" on fb?
lol i'm not a pretty asian girl like you that can just walk in 
sneak in!!!
friday is extinct though !
saturday?? booooo
my escape ticket seller just flaked on me!!still looking for 2 single saturday tickets to escape



alright cool
that's cool bro just hit me up on here or facebook
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



no we were at that kids house w the pool and the tent and the speaker lol
facts tho last time i saw you were we doing community service  lmao
me too haven't seen u in 4ever
lol it's 9 i'm awake already
go back 2 sleep lol
call ur henchmen slime



guillermo fake everytime i wanna hang he's like i'm with. big head or george or with your ass
guillermo said ur fake bcs u didn't answer his call
lmao ok fake
lmao let me find out if we're showing it
i want to watch shut in
"what's the saddest why to die and still live""falling in love and seeing them walk away"  me lmaoo



fine then be that way hateful ass
donuts is cheap asf! nigga, you gonna spend $8 at the most 
breakfast isn't cheap bitch
nope nope hell no! you always take the cheap way out. 
lol jk i guess lunch is on you and i'll get us breakfast
will you bring me donuts? i'll pay you when you get here 



all you can eat????
it's all you can eat i don't think it's very pricey
i'm not rich
we have to go to joes crab shack at some point
can we get that i haven't stopped thinking about it since i saw this tweet
would rather be eating coconut shrimp



you almost ready?
lmfao wow 
i did the other day 
i would love to but my mom would kill me 
nah ima stay home 
doesn't forget about me this morning 



word to the homie ricky 
no way dawg. comfort never goes out of style
boosts next
chill that's the nmds 
the next roshes
the ultra boost gods answered my prayers 



it don't matter as long as they slay...but dm them to me please
they might be expensive but it's a couple i've seen
i can't find nobody to do my hair tho.
girl that's where it's at
no i wish,cali
tally?



you should be glad they are not hitting land, they are still there, james
then why no category 3 hurricanes hitting land since 2005? not so simple.
the more moisture in the air the more intense the weather...simple science
co2 made that front stall over my house? please explain how that works.
the thing that flooded you out of your house...that climate change....
what climate change?



you  can get it too real shit lmao nigga havent came over since u got maxed in 2k hahah

nigga choked lmao let me get a onside kick  and after i missed the extra point for the tie
nope how bad
lol bruce tell u about that asswhooping i gave him
hungry af 



thanks, having a halloween luncheon today on our floor. we look for any reason to good off and eat
yes hope work goes well maggie x
thanks buttercup, getting ready enjoy your day
good morning maggie you at work now,hope it goes well for you x
good morning christie
good morning happy wednesday or hump day x



what ya got going on in memphis?
i'm fine thank u
doing great. how about yourself ?
hello how r u?
hello :)
hello



most of them around 9-9:30
when do they close 
i work 4-8 
why am i 7-3
honestly been thinking the same thing. leggo before i work saturday
someone take me to a pumpkin patch before i lose my shit



the tickets are super expensive!! lol
i'm going to try and go 
i know november 11!!!
i just saw they going to be in oakland!!
they're badass
i want watch mana live



but the bench is prolly the best in the league. but again. its early.
1-0 bruh. no excuses. it's 1 game, but the league is on notice.
personally i would have said the same thing. 81 more to go.
they're 0-1 though. if they would have won though...
you know they play 81 more games right?
is kawhi still a system player? i'll wait.



you the best 

i know boo
you mean so much to me . im glad i have you 





lol it was a good episode especially the balcony scene
well i'm a pure fan plus he's a genius
the end was lol. i'm just not a fan of gambino on this show
this episode was pretty good tho lol
i'm more pissed that paperboi and darius weren't in this last episode lol
finale is next week smdh



living a calm life ain't being washed.
idk naps and price is right are two of my favorite things ever.
nah. no you're not.
i'm not?!
no you're not
in the last week or so i've considered moving to new hampshire and vermont. i'm so washed it's unreal.



forgot you're to good
stop being delusional.
stop being like this

miss you too
i miss my other half. 



ok. i'll text you to see where you'll be at
i think we're barhopping the whole way down 2nd st lol
where r u gonna go?
yeah i texted you that i'm going friday
going dt this weekend?
for those who don't know...luna is my dog. i woke my gramma up to sing happy birthday to my dog 



descended from? bitch i am royalty
you are descended from royalty
i retweet you on occasion. that's almost as cool
my moment has passed. i'll never relive it
you just tryna get elon musk to retweet you like eduard habsburg did so you can gloat some more






say no more we locked in
on me i'm in pa for the week
naturally link up if you off
aw yeah? 
shit wassup me &amp; cory linking up friday
. what b the move



same!!
facts!  and how i look when i think about the next pair when a fresh one just came in
that's how i look after i order sneakers #sneakerheadproblems
its accurate af fam

my header represents me after every decision in my life



just checking 
it's in general. all the threads i've read the past couple of days lol
this about ur life or someone else's?
wut
heh?
guys will dead ass have you thinking they love you and the next minute they are fucking with someone else.



come after the hs games.
gonna try! depends on what games i cover friday night
you coming up friday night to the gameday tailgate? we'll be there all night long.
touch
i have season tickets...
how to be romantic in 4 words: i ordered you pizza



show me and we'll pretend. hahaha
lmao no! just wondering what he woulda said if i did
you did?!
well....
shirtless, probably. hahahahaha
how do i respond to that. lmao 



it can do lots of magic. your complete sentences surprise me sometimes.
but the media company, or can it do some magic when the full system is running too?
yep, that's you.
creepy.
you are kind of creepy.
kinda eire, sound of mahjong tiles while walking her hair on the train...



crockpots, home decor, new recipes... i love being an adult just get rid of the money issues
oh god, it sounds like paradise, adulthood is so good 
they're so amazing in the winter too bc everything smells nice and the food is warm 
i can't wait 
slow cookers are an adults best friend. i'd be lost without mine
yk you're an adult when you want a slow cooker for christmas



you just never know
i didn't need it earlier 
you should have picked up
whaaaat 
smh
i should of picked up 



keep it up girl! 
oh, you're so kind! i'm just happy i can share my love of music &amp; country music with you. 
really mean it and your knowledge of music is crazy good.
aww, thank you so much, gail! means a lot! 
you are so cute! enjoy your tweets.
just pinned my first tweet on my profile! should be interesting....



thank you
lol so am i! i gotchuu. . i guess 
i'm serious
i gotchuu
bring me some
pizza on the way 



them asshole ways
ima be salty if i don't see him .. c/ i know how he get
salty 
what lol

miss jaelin det much .. hopefully i get to be w/ him this weekend since we're both off ...



ever heard of the 1797 treaty of tripoli? don't school me on history, friend
this country was founded on christian values, sweetie. read your history
i live in a country founded on the freedom from religion. put down the bible &amp; pick up the constitution 
i read the bible, do you?
i've read your tweets. put down fox news and pick up a book and then we can chat.
democrats are lying and corrupt people. the race baiting is getting old, is that the best you can do? lol!



the old nick died long ago
i never wanted you to change!! i want the old nick back
people change
you had your chance
i'm sorry jeffery i luuuuuuv u
if you care about me, you've done a shit job showing it  you didn't take chances



totally!
if he ends up thinking i'm creepy will you talk to him and tell him im not thaaaat creepy?
do it! id be friends with someone that did that!
so you think i should go for it?
knowing you, youd probably find a way to make that socially acceptable 
i wish it was socially acceptable to meet someone and say "hey, i want to know you lets me friends"



tity ripped that tape.
got me all itching and shit that's my fav part
how a nigga do
1 yeezy boot ooooooneee
i'm gon talk that shit that niggas wanna hear. nigga drinking lean like he drinking beer
y'all gon make me take a shot of apple crown ain't no apple crown? that's all cap



does it seem intentional? like she intentionally keeps herself ignorant so she doesn't have to actually think about things
i mean what kind of human can be this ignorant?
whenever i try to explain something controversial to her she never gets it and she's a smart woman -
i want to wait and see on this i've felt so similar but i have no proof
maybe she's just delusional?
sometimes i think my mum's a bot, then not, then i think she's a bot then not



ahh that's easy. if i were you, i'd lowkey finesse a bag of chips and eat that shit.
stocking/inventory
cashier or?
walmart
where you work?
work is way too easy today lmao



a fumble and catch would be more if-then-else type deal. with lots of branching paths.
black and white calls should be decided by technology. especially when a baseball is moving 80-105 mph.
ball/strike is a black and white call. two states. fumbles and catches are not.
theres more to look at in football. in baseball, a computer as you see on tv, can do it instantly.
big difference between discerning a ball/strike in baseball and fumble/catch in football.






ya, is it cool if i buy the card tomo when i get on? wont be on tonight.
3:1 ratio cool?
no i dont buy it. how much mut for 50k mt?
do u know the price of my team?
damn idk if i want that much. how much mut for it?
yo i got 104k my team for u



i'll hit you or you sis up when i'm headed down
alright bro 
i think thanksgiving is the earliest
like when exactly ?? 
i will be back in cc soon lil homie
imy



nah man i'm sleepy
stop being a weenie lol
i'm tired
mann burn it lol
man
i real life need a blunt lol



2-3-2. the weirdest "home field advantage"
lmao! guess we'll see... is it 2-2-3? or 2-3-2?
nah chicago wins game 2 then 3 and 5 and wins it in 6 lol
i don't know.... i feel it might just be cleveland's year lol
the cubs will win it
nba &amp; world series champions? by way of toronto? i can't take that kind of pain.



cheers  hope to see you around sometime soon!
aw cheers
same 
literally
lit...
i just smoked this cause it'll have me sleep soooo good



up yet??
tragic *your voice*
i got 4 hours, sad
morning sis
good morning gerald 
good morning and god bless 



how do i check to see if i have any?
did you use your call sick frees? i got you i'm at 0 i think
let me borrow some points
 off
if only i didn't have to work sunday smh
my conference for my english is tomorrow instead of halloween. i could've stayed in vegas until monday :(



my troll playing generally involves me grading their comments w/ solid advice on how to include more humor/intellect



on top of it all that show is just weird lmao
no it's not but then again i'm still on season 1
the story is like way too confusing lol
whyy
hate that show lol
i just started watching shameless and omg



tell him
no... i'm shy. lol
does he know this?
the zaddy outfit.
who?
love it and him.



lol enjoy
i'm about to roll over now...i'm tied
already got my nap scheduled out
lol
swear you me smh
i'm off today so i'm going to take like 50 naps until ava get home from school



hahahah never thought of it like that
it tastes kind of sour, like sour milk and water combined lmao
lol not everyone likes cause there's really no flavor
:( it's sucks but i'll still drink it cause it's healthy
it's the best 
i definitely don't like coconut water



do not fall. this is a no fall zone
wonder why this bih blowing my line talking about she falling for me bihhh betta get tf up 
boyyyyyyyyy
i give no play bitch keep those hands there 

fuck shawty till that lil pussy start to fart!!!



yeah, i know. 
it's okay, babe. just sucks when i have to go to school and do things instead of resting.
i'm sorry, babe. wish i could do something to help.
away. 
did you try taking some ibuprofen?
it fucking hurts to even lay my head down. god.



lol on to bigger and better things in life right
dude lolllll  we gotttttt you!!!!
thank you for ur bomb filming skills
i wanna be part of this



lidia has me straight dead right now ive missed her so much



okay okay i was kidding dude 
spooky black - without u listen to it
liessssssssss
it's a song lol
she ain't shit
wanna tell you how beautiful you are but you're nowhere to be found



i don't think there's any shame in being a better orator than a conversationalist...
do you want some advices from me?
online, mostly. although this has sometimes pertained in my outside life as well. =p
speak verbal or speak twitter?
pretty sure an awful lot of people like me better when i don't actually speak to them.
trying to be more communicative with people and i'm not sure it's working out well for me.



ima do it when i'm off  wyd this weekend
i'm crying .. why you ain't do your 10 toes challenge
nuh... lol i know you, you like hard stuff and dykes ain't hard enough to satisfy you
 you kno i went gay gay
i can see that you need a piece of meat
i don't like sitting around all day  need to get my butt back in school



or at least for the operator heh
oh for exim? fighting corruption is like 99% of writing a prod mailserver though
honestly surprised that something like lmdb isn't the default backend  these days
it's relevant but it's just "duh?"
"surprisingly"?!?!whomever wrote that: you're fired.
from a paper i'm reading:"surprisingly, the scalability and performance of exim are significantly dependent on the file system."



yeah i be out late night too when all the wild shit happens
i bet lol
most wild shit i ever seen happened on 55th and international
i use to be on 64th but up the street on that 1 way lol
from 74th and mac
i use to be on 54th and gaskill with them killas



have a good one my nigga
headed to work.
wyd
hi
heyyyy pig
blessed.



it's just like how the cherokee removal went down. this country has never changed.but hey, go #indians and #seminoles. #fdup
that cultural misappropriation is deplorable. the situation in nd is even worse, may contaminate stuff for generations!
well, i'm not talking baseball. i'm talking real indians in north dakota.people as mascots = bad
naturally, i should like chicago. however, i just can't stand the despicable cubs owners.
i hope the #indians win today in #standingrock #nodapl :)
if the indians win, i may actually have to do a pub crawl in cleveland!



i'm all about a quick response.  i'd be curious to see how a ticket system would function in this regard.
i just like the idea of a team being involved for quick response rather than needing to funnel from social.
with a busy enough channel, you'd better like that popping notification noise!
i love it for co-worker communication. always wondered what a support channel might look like.
i use it primarily to communicate with co-workers.  never thought of it as a cs solution.  interesting idea.
curious what everyone thinks about slack? i've always thought it could be a neat place for ongoing customer service. #fatbitchat



same  instantly thought of that when you said you couldn't feel your arms lmao
that will forever be one of my favorite memories from high school 
almost as bad as not having arms hahah
i wish this wasn't so true haha
someone call 9-1-1 this man can't feel his arms hahahah
can't. feel. my. arms. 



i hope rei daki wont be real
i hope reis dakimakura is him lying peacefully in his coffin
what r u sorry for im scared
im sorry nhi
ehat
sorry reip



true true. and i know. i remember. :3
not exactly a "one step at a time" thing. i'm not talking about the con.
one step at a time :3 that's all ya gotta take. it's gonna be worth it.
hopefully
you'll be fine 
tomorrow is a huge day.. i'm not ready x.x;



u love me bitch
i hate you fagget
\_()_/
fuck you dick
don't study like me
i actually studied and tried on the math test today and i still failed 



hmmm interesting upgrade! however, silver still rocks on those macbooks.
oh! that's too bad. i think they will release the new ones with colors, like they did with 2015 macbooks.
no i mean i got the 2015 edition. i didn't know they'll release new laptops
you did!!  i checked their website mafe info about it
just got my custom made one 2 months ago
i desperately need a new mackbook pro! waiting for the #appleevent !!



on the bus
wya

damn im just seeing this im sorry babe
take me too
mommy's taking me



no problem! 
thank you baby girl
appreciate that shorty, you too. 
you're beautiful ma !
wassup shorty. 
avi  hey boo



they all posses an evil
whatchu mean
don't forget about the hidden hitler switch that stays lowkey until they get mad at you
the homeland

something about blonde hair and blue eyes that just catches your attention.



was that daniel? ...
"i voted for the libertariain, jeff something something" 



i'm thinking 1:30
when u go on it?
, i gotta make a 30 min break stretch
nope
please tell me they got a gar at the crib
lol @ how many hoes "owe me that pussy"



uhhhhh roll tide pawwwwllll
you already know!!
gonna be back in br for bama game huh?!
had to do it
the pumpkin is back!!!!!
me and coop drinking miller high lifes playing madden ultimate team on his birthday. fucking bros.



i'm living in hayward, but i work in alameda so i'm not too far from there
aww you'll like berkeley it's really chill it's a lot of shops there
smh that doesn't help me lol i'm from jersey, idk where anything is
 i don't even remember lol i just know it's off shattuck in the cuts
what's the name of it? i'll check tomorrow or thursday
i wonder is my favorite deli shop still open in berkeley



sweet! you'll have a great time!! moe is one of my favs.
- but not saturday. #phish #discobiscuits are more my bag.
is doing 2 nights! i'd be there if i lived closer



me either.  but i'm doing the 2 night st. louis umphreys halloween instead. 
finally coming to terms with reality: i am not going to vegas for #phish 



why u up?
just lmk bruh 
i gotchu bra..i told u ima link with the whole gang
i respect it. lmk though
shit i can't even..making money



dude we need to hangout when i'm in town. i'll probably be in town veterans day weekend
that u do compa...that u do 
that's cause i always got my friends back and pick them up when they need it
u lift me when i'm down
i say i lift 20lbs
i "bodybuild" but it seems the term "bodybuilding" is waaayyyy overused now. so i never say it.



yah i like it but i'm a bit of a sappy dude
maybe your right i should give it a few more episodes it felt too clich
you have to give it a couple episodes it'll grab your heart strings
yeah it was so funny i tried watching the other show it was interesting
what a great episode
holy fuddruckers  #americanhousewife #od



sike, i already have my 4 page reflection on the second wave of feminism due thursday
okay well it's due tomorrow so you better get to it 
i'm in women and gender studies
are you really though??
down
someone want to write this essay for me  any of you rad dope feminists??



and they were like how do u know my name 
omg tf raylph got all their names from the yearbook and was like using their names bruh
i liked the lunch shifts better, you could be mean and not get in trouble 
me and raylph took that shit hella seriously with our like 7am shifts smh
lmao omg i remember that 
just remembered i was in safety patrol in 4th grade brb i'm about to put that on my resume



yes sir, especially at my most lit wedding in the world.
you got it! remember you'll need a personal chef.
dope, write a deep story about me and my teams come up to success.
of course.
you write ?
i wanna write a new story.



yea ima go to walgreens because i can't look like this all day...and these jeans feel like baby stockings 
well you better run to cvs and get some replacement ones

girl ain't no patching this run....this jawn is wide
get some clear nail polish and patch it up
committing a sin rn walking around with a run in my stockings 



yeah on monday! he's gonna be at the portage theater.
omg when &amp; where?!! didn't even know he was gonna be here!
hahaha. you going to uzi next week?
it was a stupid wind storm when i left my cozy 75 degree home, winter enough for me!!
girl it's cold but not winter cold.
so all of a sudden it's fucking winter today?? okay. fine.



thank you for letting me know it was on. see ya.
well ... the little 'big screen' anyway. ha! .... see ya for brunch in a few hours. g'nite.
now i'm on the big screen. haha
yeah, it looked terrific on my flat screen tv -- even better than on the little tablet.  how fun!
cool. i haven't seen it on tv yet.  
. hey celebrity, i just saw your political ad on ch 5! it looked really good. nicely done!



you were kickin it with me tn you can't say sheit 
i mean 
but i'm still not borin 
u jus mad cause you aren't foreign 
ur a fag 
if she ain't foreign then she boring



u too baby
good. woke up with a headache but hopefully that goes away soon. have a great day 
good morning gorgeous how are u today babe?
good hunof course after saying that it was quiet chaos happened lol hope all is good with you
good morning pretty girl how are u today girlie?
its a quiet day which is a good thing.



also accurate
@ d has rabies
@ c wants to have your babies
@ b wants to slide in dem dms but is too scared
@ a wants to fuck you
i'm making an alphabet thread. don't make me flop hoes!! (quotes please)



yesterday actually
lol just found out?
phew!
you beat the vikings !!
what happened?
congrats to the eagles 



haha ya im weird i know
that was like 3 different replies in one
ya maybe i guess
game bores me dog, they need something new. something to freshen it up a bit :/
lets play cs
anyone on h1?



i use tor
use signal, use signal.
use tor
nah, and so poorly.
use signal
social signalling, not meant for use



good looking. i was just messing around on that lol
ight ngh come on now.....that good for me track is dope tho
lol i haven't dropped anything serious in a couple years. but i'm fr thinking about dropping something from the album
i never see you drop no shit lol
i'm actually serious about this
should i drop a single from the album this week? 



that's true  i definitely don't look asian or hispanic though
well white is a very broad and ambiguous word haha
 i think i just look white
really? you look asian to me
but i'm actually just irish and hungarian 
everyone at the bar thinks i'm hispanic



sleep in? my girl gone think i'm dead cuz i'm not waking up at all 
you gone sleep in tomorrow huh?
man i been up since 5am but i'm off tomorrow 
mad you gotta get up huh?
wow
mom : don't you wanna stay home with me today ?me : say nomo



yikes
hmmm. doesn't mean anyone else cares about my well being
it should..... or you shouldn't have a boyfriend 
having a "boyfriend" doesn't mean people give a shit?
you have a boyfriend
waiting for someone to give a shit about me



just wanted to see what you was gone say
that's not till next month
damn g i hope you coming to get me
lol i can't i'm driving 
go to sleep
anthony hamilton the truth.



 never heard that lol i've heard it be used like "a brick ago"
yes maam
i'm not lmao but is that supposed to mean cold? 
dont judge me linda 
i've never heard anyone use brick like that 
its brick outside



hmmm, cupcakes - have an outstanding day!



no greater fact based truth has ever been revealed on twitter.
tomato sauce makes spaghetti taste really good.



i would like that
do we need to save money to see the lebron stopper too?
it's not all about stats. it's the intangibles
but does he average a triple double for the season???
but the lebron stopper ate too
lebron triple double to start the season off. didn't expect anything less from the goat



we will order you a pie pizza...
gonna try! depends on what games i cover friday night
you coming up friday night to the gameday tailgate? we'll be there all night long.
touch
i have season tickets...
how to be romantic in 4 words: i ordered you pizza



hmu my guy 
yes bro connect w me soon.
lmfao a fuckinn lappppp 
was here we would take a mf lap 
in my xanax dreams
bruh where have you been



well sir! that's fucking crazy get some sleep lol
meh i just got off a 15 hour shift and go back in at 8:30 tomorrow morning
fuck sleep :) let's goooooooo
just got into bed lol
let's play cs brother
welp cs?



with a dude
and has 100% cheated on her.
fake, phony, vindictive, manipulative, etc. i can go on forever.
thank god,everyone seems to think he's some kind of saint. he's so judgemental and passive aggressive&amp;his mum isn't much better!
he's an asshole. lazy. god i loathe him.
am i really the only one who thinks that tyler from #teenmomog has turned into a giant ass hat? #teenmom



sunday nights usually... monday nights usually too.
when are you guys free!?
in on this
yes please!!!!

i need lady friends around here that'll do lame movie and wine nights.



tell you dog to @ the shawty then
dude, my dog took my phone. i wasn't even the one playing!
nah nah pay up buddy 
i was talking bout checkers..
well i won so @ her
fyi,  she's not even my shawty. she's my i wish i could talk to her shawty. 



where did you find it ?
i know like all it had was his name on some homework
damn ...
no idk
you know what school he goes to ? take it to the office in the morning 
any body know a demetrius ray allen? i have his school backpack that contained his shoes.



shit, you old, don't have a quarter life crisis, k!
25
still! enjoy it, how old now? 22?
i'm drunk
you still got 10 minutes!
it's been a good one



that cold air gone keep my ass up 
i love coffee  well drink some tea then lol
lmao i don't drink that  shit nasty to me
coffee will do the job 
take my brother to work. that drive bout to put me through a test 
you a good one.. what you gotta do at 5 ?



i learned to be basic from the best. (you)
so be it. the people needed to know even if i had to be basic to show them.
ur basic for tweeting me the same thing u just texted me 
basic
no1 cares
joey bada$$ - devastated just heard it. new favorite song.



i gotchu 
eat 4 me too
i'm just gonna go find something since i need to go out anyway
im just gonna starve until morning
i'm hungry too
now im hungry since i stayed up fml



i do love you. but not your pants. 
today i am. it is chilly out. i like pants. i hope you love me, anyway.
so did you wear pants?
i knew you would say that. interestingly, the neurologists office requires shirt and shoes, but says nothing about pants.
#fuckpants
i went to buy coffee without remembering to brush my hair. i did remember pants, so i win there, right?



no you 
 we disappeared
you disappeared out the blue so i forgot  i tried tho
you spelt my name so wrong 
 jamaurial? thanks .
happy birthday nick  enjoy 



. btw u do a great job on the thompson &amp; trudell show.
...heel be fine...just one game
ok. tell klay keep his head up.
...just an off night...they'll have 6 or 7 of these
what happened? i feel 4 klay.
ugh!!!



wow my heart 
if im not broke neither are you boo 
but i'm broke 
i promise you
fuck that sounds flame af
will someone please take me to red robin i need a big fat burger in my life



why you lyin on twitter for
u didn't say that when .... nvrmnd
you're the worst lmao
say things don't cross your mind and make you forget 'bout the past????
you don't
say i don't make you smile, say i don't make you laugh?



literally.. 
#phantomtweet
i literally tweeted u back in the middle of the night and i don't remember doing it lol
ok ok ok i am !!!!!
go tew bed
everyone always leaves and reminds me that they didn't think i was enough



well, witbier is different. but it's hard to make at home.
hmmm, true. but there should also be a wheat beer/witbier made by fopsen.
foxes make ales. you can tell because "ale" and "fox" have the same number of letters.
oooh! i totally should. i'll call it "fops lager premium" owo
you should visit me. i'll teach you how to make your own beer. nods
today i'm following a free beer tapping class offered by university. c:



who hurt you?
the first sister! sarah hereditary
add another name: scott scalpel
add another name: whitehouse giftcard
add a name to the list of brothers: scooter woodshed
imagine if your brothers' names were something regal like stuart trackington and richard brackinson but your name was michael ringtone



damnnnnnnnn
blockt!!!
that's the worst argument i've ever heard.
tomatoes on sandwiches are shitty. tomatoes on/in other stuff is fine.
but you don't like tomatoes....that's worse.....
if you like mayo, please unfollow and then block me, you nasty idiot.



what did you watch 
that's good . good trying to get myself situated so i can try to watch scary movies with hunter lol
horror movies with bae so it's been good! yours
hi how has your night been ?
hi friend 
hey



last time i recall , i didn't pose with my shit 
2 can play that game
that's you foooo all you do is shit all day 
you're so disgusting i swear
stop lying !!!
just said he wants to poop on the floor wtf 



wtf it's 7 a.m. you fucking psycho
i can't wait to beat your ass to a bloody pulp, zesser
step the fuck up i will wreck you poser
hah! i've been training my ya boi's just for you bro and i want my belt back
it doesn't count unless you do it in front of the current champion. myself.
42 second ya boi. no warm ups. 2 prior breaths



liar lol they're missing lol
dude i'm totally kidding i didn't take them lmfao
o my god you know how long i was looking for them!?!?!
i did accidentally take the keys 
the ghost from the library followed your ass.
ummmmmmmmmm no one else is in my room and two of my books fell off the book shelve 



you'll say anything
i'm your aunt
 stop calling me nephew
i'm grown nephew
it's way past ya bedtime
bored... sleepy... can't sleep...



i got you 
u still owe me a bag of hot cheetos
english class was lit 
miss seeing ur annoying ass
thank you lacey! 
happy bday! 



omg  you didn't get it ?
214
304



wowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww. that is crazy about you
lmao nah max was too much of a g to be you
my mans max be wylin lol reminds me of me 
nahh like real live 
can't even fake, that's the show
got a lil excited to wake up and see max and ruby on tv lol



 what's going on bro
, nah it's not. she'll tell you about it!
lol you won't! &amp; not recently i meant to hit her up to check on her.. everything cool?
, lol nahhhh don't wanna come off weird. have you talked to neicha?
shoot your shot
i wanna dm #oomf to talk about something, but i'm scared.



you right
your adopted
what fool don't talk to me like that son
take yo bum ass to sleep
thats why im going to sleep
only sexy people are up



oh shit ok
no they got me switching tags
are you doing night crew?!
yes
do you still work at safeway??
working these next 8 hours without headphones are gonna be brutal



you like 5 ft 2, you got your hair done too?

it's too bad, life it ain't fair
ugly girls stop and they stare 
where you been, what's over there?
pretty girl with the long hair



no but really though cause the one i was trynna talk to had a full ass one 
 omg. you never know with all these beards
happens to me at work mostly cause they be cute asf then they'll be like "yeah i'm 17 hby" 
when he was talking about his senior year i busted out laughing i couldn't help it i was so stunned
lmao read all these and girl the same always happens to me
but he was seventeen...



if you ain't got shit to do today gon head
i think i'm gonna do it tbh
fucking same
i wanna get drunk right now
must be nice
for some reason i got like really drunk yesterday



lol i'm wired i feel like i'm not going to be able to sleep
girl you can sleep for me, i don't get out until 4 today 
lol i'm barely going to sleep right now when i get out
it worked lol, and then i had to get up an hour later 
count some sheep lol
i go into work at 8 and i'm no where near being sleepy.



high end skill. it was the drive that was lacking
in this group maybe 6.
pk? that's garbage. top 9 f easy.
looks like they are grooming him as pk. he's got more offense than half the forwards.
is he finally there? wjhc stud! took some time.
love joel armia.  he gives his all. #nhljets



that's what happens when you get into a relationship. lol
exactly she the only person that get me soo hot
borris the only niggah who gets me hot

man i feel you
nobody can  get me hot like brii do i swear 



trynna tell you lol
that's the only thing getting my tired ass outta bed
fr lol it that paycheck be nice lol
shit sucks
hell yea
wish i was rich and didn't work, so i wouldn't have to make this drive every morning at 6:15



i'm a bad boy!!!
give it to me hard, insectoid parental unit !!!
"insectoid parental unit"
bug mama 
good question i wanna know so i can effectively kinkshame non binary ppl as well
what's the gender neutral equivalent of calling someone daddy or mommy in a kinky sense 



: uuuhh , i think soo &amp; mines started at 8.
the next one in the afternoon right? when yours start?
: now , while i.m here
oh ok you taking it now or afternoon?
: our regular school , they said i had to take 2nd part of fsa
wya



smh only uapb
some people at the plex too
my ls at the jbj said she did too
well idk but mine did
girl yeah.
sooo.... did everyone on uapb campus tv's loose signal?



never too early
smh it's too early for this
foh
i really don't charel 
got da juice 
don't call my phone about somebody else man!



no you don't
hate you ..
you're* and i wasn't even 2 feet
your 2 ft away from me ...hit me 
fight me i can't help it
says water like "wudder"



i can pull down there and wake the block up

 when this happen
chief i done got me one 
we finna get us some gfs bruh 
i wanna get to the money 



ok when else can we go
november 13 :c
when do nyr play there
i would sell my soul to the devil to go ... i would walk there shshsh
i will 1000% join you
i want to go to a game in edmonton more than anything.



lol we aren't. he's just on the radar now
me neither..however i'm not gonna double back and go through his discography lol
def underrated, i was impressed had never listened to mac before this.
i was actually listening to it when i made that tweet..i was like enough is enough..this album is too smooth
stay is over of my favorite cuts off that album.
mac millers album is really great. i really like "the divine feminine"



you and me both
can't wait 
we up next
mines the 31st
dec my birthday 
december 5th, 9th, 31st 



i stick with the blue....
green is awesome! i was always meant to be a seahawks fan.
i know, but .... still ...........
i'm a ginger!
bruh?
never realized how much "action green" i have in my wardrobe. don't judge.



nope. god just got my back. that's my homie
you must got some military issue birth control 
well naw i wouldn't say that but i ain't need no plan b either 
so u telling me every nigga that swam in it successfully pulled out... you ma'am are a liar
i beg to differ !!
if you've never taken a plan b yo pussy trash



yea lion king pretty cool with simba and shit
that's a dope movie too. la primera lives
mines blood in blood out guess we don't relate
21. lion king still my favorite movie all time
how old are you? 10?
i swear disney movies are the best



i actually don't mind it i've worked for fuckin hitler soooo
lol yup...with the absolute best management  /sarcasm
wait you worked here too? lmaoooo
nope....legit, i was that employee.  and was dead serious too.  we're out until thursday &gt;_&gt;
don't be that customer lol
welcome to buffalo wild wings, where we're out of boneless and honey bbq...



i do but it doesn't matter 
. awwee shit lol i thought you had someone
with* 
turn up for me lol
this weekend is 
not going out this weekend my body hurts



gm y'all #worldseries time 


















lol i do love you too meh
i love you bebe 
omg i hate you
on my second cup 
mines almost gone already. and i wanna cry.
coffee



they got em on like scottsdale road and mcdowell ... but they charging like 40k instead of 37
it's just so hard to get either one 
might as well get the rubicon and keep it moving lol ...they both cold but yea
sahara yeah
a wrangler ?
mfs annoying i'm just tryna get this jeep and keep it moving



oh yuuuup, but what did you get though?
i went to jack like half an hr ago lol
unless you already made your pick then it is what it is.
lol will do
jack in the box is that late night go to for me lol
jack in the box or subway 



we'll see how my funds looking friday lol how much are they?
fuck around and grab them next week fr lol
you know i'm with it fr, just let me know when you getting the tickets
we should fade 
take me with you
bluffed seeing ye on my birthday. might gotta fade this joint in december



i miss throwing food at people we didn't like.. our "trash shoot"
miss food fights at lunch
(ccap, iss, detention)












as long as you don't use the term real raver you're good 
started in 2010! better than 2013 tho 
we started in 07 lol
2011 or mm
lol wut.. 3 years?  the og's go back to 2012
psa: attending escape 3 consecutive years makes you a real raver.



i'm sure we could work that out!
and we'll wil out per usual
boi
&amp; i might hit the peoria date but 4sure lansing show!!
luv u boi
way too much for my own good and he needs to visit my ass asap" tweet



aren't i always! lol jk
geez.. why are you so right ??
but.... hot cheetos are life?
suppose to say no geo c'mon...
do it.
1:10 am and tempted to eat these hot cheetos 



pick me up
let's do something then hoe
that was then, this is now fuck you gn
"i have two papers due tomorrow each 1,000 words"
i don't see an invitation in my messages????
i wish i had friends that would be down to chill or go on adventures at this time



i knew you would  it's okay though because i definitely miss you.
oh the same time the orioles play again!! perf!!! i secretly miss you
yeah yeah, they kick the season off in april!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
looking for the dodgers game on my tv guide...



cool we can get through it together :-)
it's cool imma be a single pringle too so just love the shit outta it 
prolly wasn't going to anyways :/
it won't come true now cause you said it.....
i wished for a boyfriend .
11:11



wasn't there something with her dad being named miguel also
yep
you mean the fact that jack is dead
the scene when kate and toby discuss watching football with jack
what part
#thisisus



what about this weekend?
working:/
what are you doing tomorrow afternoon??
hit me up when you are free!!!
come visit me at westminster sometime!
that phone call just made my week, thanks nick



without bumcan they may be better
i'm just very excited by what i saw last night
easy mike don't get ahead of yourself
i know it's just the first game, but they put on a clinic
spurs will still be good this year as well
i love the work my spurs are putting in. #gospursgo



never (josys voice)
shout out kodak black
you say that now.
yeah trash.
told you. 21 guy.
and them drugs come in handy, last name hendrix but no i'm not jimmi...



ahhhhhh t____t
it /feels/ so, so good to be here 
sameeeee ;; good you're here ;;
aww bb i miss you ;;
i was fucking thinking how it'd be good if you were here ;;
got home in time for shining star ;;



big dawg them billy ass stones in yo frames
unless they 2500 we don't fuck around with no glasses
 she don't like a bum ass nigga
jean be blowing my shit up
yeah she be blowing up my line
if my moms still ask about you then you was a real one



just cant go on it
it is.
it's still up tho?
someone reported the account i guess
what happened
this is a tragedy i will fight who ever shut their wonderful account down



lool what the actual fuck!?
omg they are threatening to kick if we use answers that are on a guide omg im dyinggggg
yeah its acc ridiculous, now she cant get back in :(
sort your fansites out!!!
and they kicked my friend cus she glitched sigh
power tripping and changing answers mid way through the event



aww that's cute. i can't wait to see
yes :) he he dantes going to be goku ^.^
sweet!!
bulma from dbz :)
what you gunna be?
as soon as this color fades or after halloween its going back ...uhuh color isn't for me anymore ! bye 



omg fr?? damnnn lol
i cussed everyone out i need jesus
no les hagas caso
pendejos lol
haha
my family has been talking so much shit bc my hair is red like vallanse alv pinches envidiosos 



i would have to let twitter know all the pros and cons so they can make an educated decision
or you can make a twitter poll
will prob make a pros and cons list for each after my interview friday
flip a coin
i have 2 different interviews this week and if both go well i don't know which job to pick 



that's true. i'm currently watching it. no defense was played but lots of records were set.
i guess i could but i really don't have time. sounds like no defense was played. lol
and watch the entire oklahoma/texas tech cfb game from last saturday night.
thanks adam. you too!
good morning gentlemen. i hope that y'all have a wonderful day.



no phone
i meant on ur phone
no monitor
call
hi



out east
wya rn?
thank you  when ? 
happy birthday come smoke this blunt 
it my muthafucking birthday bitches 



perfect!  i'm just kind of at the back tables.
we can also connect through pm here on twitter, or tmaguire.org
i'm only here for part of this morning, say hello
, i'm actually here at the conference!
are you at sector conference? hope your sector discussion going well



ive written 4 essay outlines fuk u
what have u done so far 
hmm 
uneed to be white girl studying bye
im tryna b white girl wasted sos



it's really good, mate. lots of biting. lots.
oh wow sounds like a winner!
it's my greatest work. it's about a man who finds a vampire and interviews him. there are other vampires also.
what is "a walk to remember"?
. ask me anything about a walk to remember.



i have a xbox1
damn! xbox 1 
psn??
i'll play with you!
i kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo



it's been a rough week lmfao.
god love you omg
nope lmao. she's not mad though and it's not that bad.
you're kidding...
i really hit amanda's car lmao. i'm going back to bed



 i'm blessed
ungrateful fuck
i mean they nice but damn
why complain my dude
swear to god if emma ricard sends me one more picture of her tits



no way dawg. comfort never goes out of style
boosts next
chill that's the nmds 
the next roshes
the ultra boost gods answered my prayers 



*keeps fafsa money*
shittt i'd pull up on that offer lol
i didn't respond 
you're tweeting this like you told him no
some nigga just dove in my dms trying to pay my tuition



yes. i'll talk about it with my boss today.
do you still have plans to use the tiny house
called back
called
call me to talk #tinyhouse



bet no fraud shit
yea
20 straight up?
lets bet then 
easily taking money line eagles this week



yeah its pretty bad man usually you have ways to wake up
i just remember hearing like something making noises behind me and i couldn't move and was like shaking
3sooky5me
i had sleep paralysis for the first time over the weekend. it was spooky
lucid dreams are just awful



you don't know anytjing. fool .
cats eat birds better be careful, tubby
stupid cat
kankri is cuter and more interesting than karkat
both meulin and nepeta are good. i kinda like meulin a bit more but i couldn't choose a favorite



i'm aware that's why i said females i'm talking all ages 
there is a difference between a girl and a woman tho
uhhhh yes
um no lol
bruh most females be for everybody i've come to terms that's just how it is outchea



its every year no uptick til december
attendance has been pretty awful though. slow octobers are nothing new.
attendance bashing
say what now?
oh cool  #isles fan bashing by montreal media. god, fuck these entitled pricks



navy sec fo lost?
they still won't make it to the playoffs  and we still have the #1 win streak
yea i saw the pick at the end of the game
you can't just hold it with d
i told you to hold that shit down



lady kriket oh whaaaaaaaaa
lady shaggy oh wuuut
haaaaaaaaan 
do ya dance for the hood doeeeee 
fuck it up for the hood doeeee 



replace pizza with algebra
algebra is love
i like algebra.. complications ..im good at that
loool i like trigonometry tho
i dont know why ppl study geometry



still in college area, down by target. serenata town homes! i'll tell you next time i see u 
omg no way! where at/why?
i literally just moved to a new townhouse!
wtf why!!!
had i known domino's doesn't deliver to my new house i wouldn't have moved here



i'm pooped maybe later or tomorrow
h1
sup am slayer
yo
who's up



not for you
easy work.
learn how to find the limiting reagent little boy.

midterm #7 today



fasure what time
got a session tomorrow in the heights, come through
yeah bro just got back
you still in the city?



i got to work wayyyy too early. lol
lmfao clearly you needed the nap
no seriously didn't even look at the clock lol just punched my numbers in and scanned my hand.
"accidentally"
accidently clocked in 15 minutes early and then went and slept in my car...



 ill give it a try
your missing out
not sure why, but im super reluctant to watch that
black mirror!!!
anything good on netflix i havent seen?



interesting 
yes
you can taste my wax melt?
yum
i have a maple butterscotch wax melt in my apartment and it smells soooo good 



totally true..
thinking main st area will be even more slammed then it is for wishes
agreed!  great use of the technology!
saw this.. sounds epic!
new projection show at the magic kingdom just in time for wine &amp; dine race weekend!  nice!



just cause
why not.!?
nope
that's why trade klay thompson for demarcus cousins
warriors big are soft. warriors gotta fill the center position



not true
bc we both know it would end up being hers bc you wouldn't clean up after it 
true
she'd tell you to keep it in the barn
wonder how mad my mom would be if i just came home with a cat 



i mean in that case maybe
i can make it fun
doesn't sound fun
lemme tame you
wow i've gotten 9 tattoos this year i need to be tamed



snapping and driving, swerving all over the place, speeding  must i go on
omg whyyy lhh
not just one cop, but two got her azz
what happen
the cops hate andrea man



lol i can really into deep details 
haha i know
it's facts bro lol
you're childish 
warriors gotta 4 game losing streak... don't sleep 



we're poor but it's nice to dream
maybe
oh yeah you have $3,000 
i got u
live



come out
you know that 
you in 500?
fuck matching let's go get some grub 
match anyone ?



big and toasted is old af bro that thing is ancient
old af tho bro
yeah but the turkey bacon cheddar on the french roll with the sauce is the ultimate dunk sammich
ciabatta fire too
worst decision dunkin ever made was dropping the french roll



how far are you from iu?!
yes! 
oh same also i'm coming through to indiana soon come hang out
nah, tweeting in my sleep 
you up



i'm so busy rn tho d:
you should decorate! isn't sheena doing a carving pumpkin thing?
wtf idk just look for the greek letters lol
wait which houses have you seen?
seeing all the sorority houses with halloween decor really buffs my holiday spirit



starting a movie crew? lol
if u get a drone i'll edit some shit
sister 
desktop 4 sure, bc what u gon do w drone footage rn? smh
drone or mac desktop?!?



that's a good point, i'm not really sure. usually just whatever is offered or on something i accidentally order.
fair nuff dude but which olives have you tried? some olives are shitty af.
i just can't stomach them, i literally gag at the smell.
you're a food scrub aren't you?
if you fux with olivesi dont fux with you



they don't ! i get my pedis 
i'm wit it shawty as long as they don't stink!
down but i need my feet massaged still got me or ?
a massage for a massage wassup
i just need a massage ! 



i literally feel like i won't see u guys for forever....

no tmrw at 3pm!!!
do u leave today?
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



but no more of this depressing talk. three more wins!!!
i don't even know.  he's the worst owner in organized sports.
that's an understatement. i wonder if haslam knows or cares what a joke this team is.
don't been mention the b word.  they've had their chances to be good and they blew it big time.
care that they are totally and completely irrelevant...?#windians #worldseries #cavsmania #monsters



cries with you he really is ahhhhhh
yesssssss lmao just. /cries so hard. he's so precious i love him ugh.
that was the cutest thing his love for 2pm ahhhh
yes lmaoooo junho just fucking running around the stage calling out everyone's names
reminds me of hyper tour wwwwwwwwww :3



well should i wait til ya fix that
oh nah my twitter was hacked
bit i i'll live...i guess
what's not nice lol
dude! seriously, not nice



yea it's nice i just don't like how long it is it's jut my passenger door
you actually drive a cool car haha. did you crash it pretty bad?
2005 dodge magnum
what kind of car is it
my dad thinks i'm ganna sell him my car for 1,000$ hahahahahah wtf this ain't no honda 1996 hahaha



every year
sounds like the get down
weekend of november 18-20th
when is it?
so the line up for classic weekend is blac youngsta, jeezy, gotti, gucci and lucci....



yea i just been rocking with it
jeffery i like ss3 i like better tho
you don't fuxk with jeffrey?
ss3
what's better : ss3 or jeffery?



when is it? 
but i have a really long winter break! so i'm sure i can come back home and visit 
you're supposed to visit me here in texas, but wya
... oh yeah, that's right ... i'm still in sd . i'll be home in fall of next year!!
your tweets about texas are making me want to come home 



i do what i can to help my community
you're the hero this city needs
i don't mess around when it comes to orange chicken
that's intense
i would kill for some orange chicken rn



 have a great day, goofball.
did that say return to sender? it should've said good morning friend. auto correct is crazy sometimes 
 you're like my bestfriend in my head, but in real life you so rude 
return to sender
i'm back.



were are you working
i'm wide awake cause i'm at work, keeping the world safe &amp; saving lives, lol 
still wide awake &amp; got to be up in three hours watching cher on youtube 
good night terri, sleep well 
good night karen 



not really, just close to 'em.
none of it is in the joints right?
i think i overdid it when training the other day, i'm hoping it's just really sore muscles and nothing else.
oh shit what happened?
still in pain, hurts like hell to move my arms.



i can handle (slightly) the ottawa winter, i can handle anything
ah you'll be fine!
i'm just wearing my kit under my jacket and got my scarves
layers! sunday was thermals, two shirts, my kit and jacket.
i think wearing a winter jacket to bmo today is gonna be a football first for me 



girl cause you with that ugly ass bitch
ian even see you
right next to you 
wya ?
i don't care about no pillow talking or nun of yo stupid friends 



i watched a few episodes and it just wasn't catching my attention at all.
i liked the first season. 2nd season doesn't live up to the nuance of the other marvel shows.
haven't seen the new season. what's gone bad?
eh, i guess i'd rather they were just as annoyed with daredevil as i am.
i can't wait for the netflix marvel characters to finally join forces and beat the crap out of daredevil.



slow isn't always bad, high pain day but i'll make it through
slow but ok. how about you?
hope your day is starting off well
good morning.
morning everyone



supposed to say keep it right on 6
i didn't. i said avoid
that's being a bad caddy, never say don't
avoid left on 6. #sageadvice






currently my favorite show... until nashville comes back.
lmao ok me
i always talk about being heartless but every week when i watch it i'm a little bitch lmao
that show fucks me up man
i just watched "this is us" and it made me cry a little bit.....again. lmao.



i think we deserve froyo . but i'm still so full lol .
omg sorry i thought i replied to your other tweet already xd i got 84 *-*
lol how did you do on the test
82/100 let's gooooooo woooooo !!!!!
whatd you get in 351



good gosh this is all i've been waiting for love you sm more tabbbs. 
lord knows you deserve this happiness! love you s'much lexxxx
thank you sm tabby 
so happy for you!!
met kristians mom today &amp; she's so cute . i feel like we're gonna get along 



nah it wasn't... i won't tell who it was though
was it tim
they stopped when they saw my tweet
i do not believe
these fucks are really watching porn in my lounge



ok. but feel bad.
again... "you're." haha... no worries.
was kidding. your doing fine. i didn't mean to say it like that. you truly are a great writer
"you're."   
omfg. you phoned that one in. love your tweets, slow down and be you. your fine.



you should come back when there is. great sporting city.
great place. shame i was there when no sport was on!
would have happened ages ago if i had my way man haha.
how long before you swap the uk for san fran?! haha enjoy.
's wedding in san francisco city hall today.



i just need one for a shoot  so it's gotta be majestic haha
i can check tomorrow!
does it touch the ground? like the vines haha
there's one in my neighborhood!
looking for willow tree(s) near boise please @ me



holy fuck. seems fair though, they definitely look untrustworthy to me
yep lalafells. but lalafells are evil everyone who plays non-lalafells sacrifices lalafells for clears in raids.
they look like. lalafel. i think is the name??? ffxiv tinies. tiny dumpling lightning
i can't believe they have fingers and elbows in the end
gya



if the description ass 
yea
is it good?
amber alert
wtf should i watch



what does it look like 
umm do you know what your face looks like
whyyyyyy are you always bothering me 
but this dick for everybody
i want you all to myself i swear.



dance party??? i'm down:-))
miss u! come party!
miss you, jamil!!
thank you!! 






all of this dev work, to tell you that you need more milk.
iot fridge...
on a raspberry pi.
next up, installing openstack in real-time...
in fairness, this demo is pretty ballsy #openstacksummit



we could never no
maybe it is maybe it ain't
it's the devil
that's scary
i heard someone saying my name but no one up 



no, you'd be a genius in something else all together #dirtygirl
haha i would've been a math genius if he'd been my teacher in school! #hotteacher
ew! that's sad
sigh...my dreams about sam are always weird. one time he was my math teacher.
and i were snuggle/cuddle bunnies  blissfully wonderful 



give it to me hard, insectoid parental unit !!!
"insectoid parental unit"
bug mama 
good question i wanna know so i can effectively kinkshame non binary ppl as well
what's the gender neutral equivalent of calling someone daddy or mommy in a kinky sense 



i didn't know 
you could've helped me


i just passed that government twat with a 90 &amp; did my review so i really gotta 100



will do bruh
on the way to school but remind me when i get home and i'll watch.
im bout to tag you in some shit fam lol
yes. just don't call it "live" clips and fails. lol
can i upload clips and fails with no reactions?



i hope you have a great day, i misunderstood your use of the word 'why' followed by a question mark.



so, they have the power, the control, and they've tried to silence #julian assange .    just my thoughts. 



anyone think #obama gave away the internet hoping to silence #wikileaks ?#icann  thankful 4 truth  keep 'em coming!



thank u
i dig ur style lol
true facts yo
that part 
every girl needs sum chocolate in they life



they were just masa but still bomb haha
wow i always miss out on everything :(
my tia virginia made some on sunday you missed out homie
omg tfti again 
who eats tamales at 1 am in the middle of october?.... me 



bruh i still got all the old shits and some new shits let's not start this roast
why you look like dr. doofenshmirtz tho ..
boy i ain't know you ain't talking to me hunch back of norte dame
my nigga big birdd shit fam thanks my dude that shit means a lot stay up out there g
happy c-day my nigga 



oh the same time the orioles play again!! perf!!! i secretly miss you
yeah yeah, they kick the season off in april!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
looking for the dodgers game on my tv guide...



lol get one
oh  guess i don't need an apple watch then lmao
lol idk tbh
what did you do?
broke my apple watch



i hear you brother
that's what up! mi deh yah mon another day another dollar you know.
i'm good! how are you?
i am  lol how are you
my tl is so dead coz none of my uk people are awake and active 



i did!!!! the question is, when they gone kick in??? 
lol damn girl take some pills!
also these cramps kicking my ass rn, feel like i'm being stabbed by all the ex friends i have.
if you would have went to bed at the time you said. you would have been fine
definitely didn't go to english to get an extra hour of sleep. yeah.



you went sky diving?
lmao put your boy on
you want me to give you a lil shout out?
damn jay, the plug like that bro
happy birthday!



lol i thought we were too
sucks! y'all seemed solid. that's life though, people change
dead ass
nooooooo
my ex taught me how ugly trusting people can get



me too lol , what's your number so we can keep in touch?
thank you  &amp; criminal justice
me too,  your cute ,what's your major?
yes.
hey you go to nccu?



whats the link?
you need to watch our first video!
facebook and gigi
it was incredible thanks, how did you know about it? lol
how was your trip ?



it's a given, but still uncalled for. hit that unfollow asap lol.
i wanna know but i don't at the same time lol
i'm not about to fuck it up for everyone else.
what was it?
some dick just posted a major walking dead spoiler... sooo pissed. fuckkk youuuu 



not scared soo.... i'll be waiting to beat some ass
im gonna be at your door step in 5 
.... &amp; if im not?
you better be talking bout someone else 
ima really fight him



hahaha what sucks is i almost fell asleep when i laid down and then i just....didn't. and now i can't
i have counted... so many sheep chelsea.
i've been laying in bed for over an hour lmao we got this
haha me too kill me
guess who can't sleep



yes.time for it let's goooooooo
i'm really not i'm not gonna lie. /grabs so many tissues. we should start the tissue pile now huh?
t_________t we'll need lots of tissue today.are you ready? :d lol
weep weep weeeeps
whyyyyyyy am i not in tokyo just whyyyyyyy



might have to come for spring break
no seriously, i'll be here probably until may!
do not tempt me
come to australia
i just want to travel the world and make amazing memories. that's all.



we love the old songs as well 
will start playing songs from #theblack again because people love the songs. x



it was probably easier to go with songs danny knew the marks for already since they didn't have much time
didn't play any songs of #theblack :( i had expected they would play the ones that aren't about danny.



bruh it's a long story but just know he ain't call back
how do you not know lol
i'm actually confused
lol
i think i'm single idk tho



yea, it's huge the game play. it's got everything, spend the money &amp; go premium. great dlc no lie.
oh damn let me get that
it's great nothing less.
how is it bro
them snipers be fuckin' me up in battlefield 1. i'm bout to get right though ...



okay link
my shot is awful we will play for 5 lmaoooo
ready?
after 2 1nds
u down for a 2v2 chall??



that literally is the saddest ellen i could ever imagine oh my gosh
i pet a disneyland kitten today!!! and tried to post it on my snap but my phone died 
i'm just kidding i love you 
fuckin' stay there
you can see so many stars here, it's beautiful. home is nice 



he wasn't even there in class lmao. i think they find out that he was skipping.
always got shit to tell each other. i'm surprised u ain't tell me shit while you were in government 
there isn't a day where we don't talk shit. it's like a must every time we see each other.
lmao. tbh.
when we not talking shit, that's how you know that's not normal



not the same raves as y'all but lauren said we were pregamning together and ur coming to the edm brunch
wait what raves are you doing this weekend
ill see you tmrw!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
good morning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!



shit forgot about the whole time difference crap 
good story &amp; btw todd &amp; dan need callers tonight ... 
yes he managed to blow the marble out of his nose. seriously almost shit my pants. 
good thing he doesn't listen to dark matter yet ... "snacks up your ass ..."  (hope everything's ok though) 
got my back on this one #inkmaster 



love you most bb 
can relate. ily 
cries bc lonely
!!!!
its just cute couples on my tl now..... time 4 me to go, i don't belong



ah. i got one from oreilly japan.  might talk to a lawyer, but no idea what the roi would be
legit oreilly japan. and some guy via email for turkey i think.
did they look legit and you didnt feel like a lawyer, or did they look scammy?
was offered twice but didn't follow through
anyone sell translation rights to their sel-published book?



i was coming from my crib out there by yours 
wtf  why?
nvm i was out front of your crib last night 
yes?
pooh ?



well i ended up eating a bag of goldfish
loving their man and making bomb ass sandwiches for sure
what are wife's for
make me something too while you're at it
hate staying up this late bc i always get hungry but too lazy to get up and eat.



it's just like the structure academy, it's practically just a long class. doesn't mean i'm hired anywhere
calfire academy??? why have i not heard about this?
in january for the calfire academy.
you need to come visit me. and take a break from susie
waking up like this never gets easier.



oh ok. i guess that's the magic of the internet haha glad your day went well!
doing good. it's night time over here though. xd
good morning. how are you doing today?
morning~ ^^
good morning everybody! :d



lol nah b, but we are cool 
so it's on?
 daddy lumba's mom 

i love my mother in law 



i'm at the er. might put my head in my lap lol but that's the best i got.
lmao cant just close ya eyes and count sheep?
i would lol if it were that simple.
schleep
i'm so sleepy.



oh forreal val? das how you gone do me?
she said oh hey 
tell val que su tia says hi 
nah doods i'm at mi casa con valeria chillin 
you busy bih?



yes, shipping highest roi fastest is the goal. build options &amp; their cost must be considered to hit that goal.
there's roi on all that we build. customers prioritize based on highest roi, which is impacted by build cost
what for jay?
you're missing another qualifier: your competition sucks. we do the first two and need estimates constantly.
"if you're making people awesome &amp; delivering value continuously, somehow people stop caring about estimates." - #modernagile



love you more 
love u
you're so cute 
it's okay you deserve it
the amount of times i have pressed snooze today is embarrassing



your age do not determine your childlike nature, u can always be a child @ 
lmao i still feel like a child
yes because seventeen comes after sixteen and you were born almost seventeen years ago
can you believe ill be 17 wow
im tryna be patient for another fucking hour but it's hhaaaarrrddd



it even my car smh just posing next to somebody car
same one in your avi
what car?
broke people don't get cars. cars need maintenance and that equal money.
i'm the brokest nigga on twitter r didn't know you know about "broke"



can't forget him but his time is over
did you forget about who is still in the east ? 
we bout to reclaim our thrown in the east
false 
after we trade for boogie straight to the finals 



yes at both :-(
do you work tomorrow 
dude yes come and eat tomorrow even if i'm not here!
omg save me some 
came home to green posole thanks to mom 



na i meant if ur just wasting ur time at school doing nothing
you are right but i am not a dumbass for going to school
not much but it's better than 0
how much though
hahahah i'm making money while u in school or at home eating shit u dumbasses



oh yes! the best feeling ever
blazing by yourself and listening to music or watching a movie is great honestly there's no one to bug you!
omg i know it's great!
it's relaxing
love getting high alone sometimes. 



that's why your ass gone stay thirsty


about to get some apple juice wby?
wyd 



thanks for da tip
marijuana is spanish
adios hombre
puta
i need a friend who'll help me practice my spanish #plz



yes he was a lot more into than i thought he'd be. super good live
he's awesome huh?such a cool guy.
i saw ahj this weekend and u woulda loved it
bet dude. i'll show you mi corazon
show me your favorite songs the ones that make you feel things.



how mad are you lol
you cant be this childish
s
what man
yo



oh wow makes me feel better 
im here now all that matters
bro idk what's going on

shouldn't have left my bed to come to class



gimmie kiss
you ain't got too.
bet idc 
girl don't do the most, bet you won't get another text!
bree got raped txtn me



my mom went in a ditch 
scoop i'll shmoke a wood
bring me a wood hoe
bring me a backwood 
wish val liked backwoods 



hahaha they gonna hate me back east but all the harlem cats that moved to la gon love me lol
bruh!!!! straight collect, half of harlem might hate you for bringing chopped cheeses out west but fuck it!!! get rich!
i gotta open up my chopped cheese cart stat, post up outside sneaker lineups and get rich
*tears* sooo much ramen in your future
nothing to see here, just moving across the country in 32 hours, not freaking out or anything



&amp; me. 
brenda wants to kill me when i tell her how much i procrastinate 
i like feeling not stressed and i think brenda would rather not you teach anyone that 
i can teach you my ways 
procrastination stresses me out. idk how she does it



wow y u gotta hit a girl man ?


i'll fight you
this sucks. all of this.



pinky promise?
next time i'm in mhk we're catching hella pokemon.
ughhh  i miss you too! i wanna go catch pokmon like we used to!! 
miss you. cheer up, buttercup
literally have never been more annoyed.



to babysit lmao.
hopefully i can find a babysitter! i'll let you kno.
it starts at 8! 
i totally forgot!  what time does it start again?
wooohoooo!!



ayy you could come haha
true but stilll !!
i bought a six pack on the way home u said u had to go home foo
hoe asssssssssssssssssssss
someone come hang and finish these beers w me



clearly somebody who don't have $200 
who you think you talking to?
can you paypal me $200 to get it redone then? thanks.
then take it out
so ready to take my hair out



unpackaged syrup?
no i just went there and they gave us packaged syrup ...... i'm out after that 
you're tripppin to the max rn 
it is not that good 
i swear to god i would transfer back to tarleton state just to be close to peacocks!



you berkeley people are crazy!!!!!



who is our?
wow this was very relevant to all our lives thank you!!!!!!!!!!
i love using the exclamation point



too easy bro lol i been writin raps all night &amp; gettin' paid couldn't have a better job fareal.
easy money get that fool. liam keeping me up watching tv smh 
 work nigga 
night owl lol
4:12 am



 got a big family
real shit . i be like damn kenzie gettin the likes up 
they fwm on the book 
dawg you got all the juice on fb lmao
58 min



okay i'll be over friday night
fuck
what u tryna do bitch
wassup stupid dumb bitch
wassup bitch



you doing great
i'm tryna get like you!
 tryna get like you
you got fucking money 
think ima pick up that 7 plus this weekend 



wait do you have a pass now
i pet a disneyland kitten today!!! and tried to post it on my snap but my phone died 
i'm just kidding i love you 
fuckin' stay there
you can see so many stars here, it's beautiful. home is nice 



to be fair the thunder did make the playoffs last year 
well if history repeats itself then yeah
we don't even know if we suck yet we haven't played a game!
bc they suck get over it
upset that the suns and thunder have 8 combined games on national tv and the warriors alone have 30



see you later then.
setting off now. arrive tonight
when you arriving?
. see you there!
on my way to new york to meet loads of friends and colleagues #abct2016 &amp; celebrate #abct50lucky, lucky me 



well i have an oily t zone and then patches of dry skin on like my cheek in the winter
no i just wanna put my damn skin type in my health app 
bro i've been watching makeup tutorials all month. idk if u wanna do that lmao
how how
just figured out my skin type. (it's combination)



it might finally be time to put on pants. #holdingout #imisssummer
it might be time to close the swimming pool #imisssummer
it might be time to take out the ac #imisssummer
it might finally be time to close the bedroom window. #imisssummer
it might be time to turn the heat on soon #holdingout #imisssummer



see you there /goes to work hard and save up/ lol
sets goals lmaooooooooooooooooooo has a savings fund saving up until then lmao
yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
maybe by then we can go lmaooooooooooo
imagine,the next dome in 4 years #optimisticmood



me too we need to kick it more like the old times ! &amp; love u too , good night.
well glad we hung out g i love you bro goodnight 
i know me too 
fureals i missed you 




let me know  it's free. it's their intrasquad meet. going to be nosey 
hmmm 
msu at 6p
where and when?!
who wants to go watch some wrestling with me tomorrow (thursday)?



they look decent fr fr. i'm tryna cop a pair, but the shoe stores don't have the colorways i like. 
of course i fall in love with the nmd's... never worn a pair of shoes so comfortable... i need more
yeahhh, you like em?
that is the human race???
pharrell's collab w/ adidas on these nmds are decent, but $340 fam? skrt skrt !



...appealed to the circuit court, however (we think that's what the plan was to begin with).
ok!
i'll talk to you about it
more info, please??
wow, i'm totally seeing an argument against rental properties using a strawman.



i just have a habit of bitting it i don't know why
what happened??ima send some chap stick your way lol
it is 
jesus that sounds painful
i peeled the skin from my lip



wrist....... watch
clock
watch.
nope,
kyrie gone lead the league in scoring this year watch



why don't you go to sleep?
barely
oh look you're still awake
never
you can't miss your opportunities 



nooo...... lol
don't tell me you did it
no!?
no
i really want to shave my head again and get a tattoo right on my head!



i know. i felt bad 
don't get to serious cousin haha
it wasn't my fault. he needs to stop play fighting with me 
that's not nice...
me &amp; borris were play fighting &amp; i accidentally punched him in the mouth 



you wont be there lmao
whyyyy
plz slap yoself
see ya there 
can't wait for this weekend



sure thing. thanks for offering your help. :)
sweet. thanks! btw, let us know if you need help with the vega/vega-lite integration :-d
yes.. go to texttile.io we just loaded the vispub data this morning.
can we use it? it looks super useful.
have multiple text fields? no problem. texttile got your back. :)



i see you like my idea!!! 

i'm only napping if you nap with me!
lol! go take a nap.
on her tattoo 



i know. need him to be under control
let us pray for good jake tonight lol
clock will move slowly all day
good morning sir...time to tie this shit up tonight
good morning



i just want the dining hall food
they lit. but vsu be lit asf !

nah
 i shoulda went to gsu man.



november 28th - december 1st
when's that? lol
damn lmao throw one when i come back 
probably this weekend
when you throwing another party 



you know bro just laying low stacking cake.  just got back in philly where the fuck you been brozayyy lol
i peep you on my ig tl doing big things tho. eveyrthubg been going kosher ?
bro remember that time at that  party i had i had white girls running around the house naked lmao
woah, woah, woah lmaoo my nigga don't even. you fell off the planet !
have so many priceless memory's abs now he acts as if we've never met . . . . . .



be prepared for the huge wait !!!
dope i'm literally going to see you at 5 bitch 
im working reach
what
on dundas starting at 5  #yourewelcome



damn i meant thursday sorry
u said wednesday
that's tomorrow i think?
vball party 
yea i'm definitely coming home and falling asleep



will do.
:-) tell her rachacha says "hi!"
she has that title for life.
did kate stathis win best circulation manager??
"best of" party tonight? i'll be at the top of the stairs, greeting arrivals. make sure you say hi! #roc



love u &amp; want u 2 go get it over with today. u raise my blood pressure.
you are the greatest friend, through thick &amp; thin. i'm giving myself time to accept what i might hear.
ah maryl! damn. get ur sorry butt back 2 the docs now. yeah always scary
i'm avoiding them. am so ill most days don't have energy to learn the truth. scared &amp; in denial.
any updates from doc?



it was so good
i never finished cg it was such a trainwreck but it was good
welcome
im in
code geass but fight club



depends how lit
you better watch
you got a show to out on tomorrow wtf

who's up



i am! next weekend!
lol. i understand that!! i'm alright. just trudging along. i know you're stoked your season is here!!
busy! how are you?
coach where you been?? ain't seen ya on here in a while!
thankful and blessed to do what i love! #hoops



same
aww man that stinks they're literally the best i can read them all day everyday
oh shit. christmas is coming i had them when i was little but they were lost
same omg that just gave me christmas ideas lol
i need calvin and hobbes cartoon books



twinsies. also, i miss seeing ya around on the daily :/
you and me both
i feel like i can't handle the pressure of adulting 
so far it's not that bad i promise!
i'm not ready to be 20.



no tkhsss
pngase a estudiar mejorrr
ya sabes aqu con todooo 
esa es la actitud!!!
todava ni presento y ya reprob



my pleasure! but you've gotta holler!!
#deal. thanks
which tickets would you want, air supply or the dawgs? i can help you with the latter!
i will punch that card in exchange for the tickets! otherwise #fuhgeddaboudit
game to attend air supply concert in winston salem!



how do u say no to that #youdont
i'll have breakfast waiting for you 
be there by sunrise 
come to tempe 
so freakin bored



what? lol
blank tweet

nah imagine
f/a



it's times like these where i wish i had artistic abilities
ill roll you around work "lets go olivia, time to get back"
gosh i would love that
you will transcend beyond your physical body and become one with the pumpkin.
o yes i forgot to mention that i have pumpkin scented perfume can i finally transform into a pumpkin now



ooooo you know imma get a lot
ooooh girl get it!
a hot ass tinder date that's what 
what does this mean? it's so cryptic.. are you murdering someone or what?
can i get off work now? i need to go home and prepare.



false
easy work.
learn how to find the limiting reagent little boy.

midterm #7 today



kuz when u hit a certain age it goes away? lol that's an interesting train of thought
u too old to be shy trell
buster douglas smh
buster.
and i dnt ever shoot my shot smh



im good for it
yea
you in wheels?
buy a leaf and i'll match
who got wheels, im tryna smoke 



yes exactly smh
the one you were talking about all week?
i didn't finish the essay
don't be so hard on yourself
im hella disappointed in myself



no way don't be! i feel the exact same way just wanted to make sure!!! thank you 
the nervous feeling that you know it's all gonna come out when you stand up lol sorry for gross details 
you mean the nervous feeling or cramps?
the feeling when you stand up after being sat down for a while 
what's the worst part about your period? (dm if you're shy)



shit what time est?
just hope we get this w today
shit is bizarre
szn 3 mou in full effect
yo man said pog-central-back? smh



he really doesnt miss
he is! and he's actually pretty fuckin good at the game too
yup that guys the shit!
yo that's that dude that juggles fruit!
if i ever tweet about flamehopper's stream after today just remember kenny put me on



damn you got my ass
i'm just messing with you frank, lol
beamer and bimmer mean the same thing
but what about your bimmer?
feels good to have my beamer back



money will show you shiiii 
well time shall tell
hell nah. we bout to make more money together
y'all finna fuck around and get each other fired lmao
me and kim about to fuck shit up if we work at dos gringos together lol



no no no not necessary at all
dm or text me ur fan mail addy so i can send u and ur roomies a lil sumthn sumthn

i miss u too honey
i miss mommy 



probably not gonna make them until like 3 anyways bc sleep
but i've got school now tooooooooooo
come to my house then (:
we didn't take on walmart at 12am just so i couldn't have a cupcake
i'm gonna go home and make cupcakes



you and your burritos. :v
sry i am only accepting burritos w extra guac or fried rice at this time
we must combine resources to achieve a common goal.
i have a toaster but no bread. or butter. i am cryin
anyways back to shit that matters. i really want toast, but got no toaster.. ya feel?



gotta love the navy lmao 
holyshiiiiii yooo
girl i've been up since 0330 and i'm an hour behind 
honestly it's too early
why am i so full of energy right now ?



oh yeah ... 
lmao erin. i'm a frowny face. made out of cocaine.hahahaha i don't sleep.
why are you up so late cocaine frowny face ?
....yeah
wow twitter was getting wild there for a second lol



never a bad time for a donut
i'm always craving a donut...is that the same?
i'm always craving sushi so yes it is a little odd 
at 8am? ...odd...
i really want sushi



dude she brought vegeta not argeta  i wish i had some argeta
yasssss after party at selmas room wit argeta and kifle!!!
kifle and vegeta... sounds so appetizing yum can't wait
bring some to seattle, we'll be hungry after cvija hahahahahahahahahahah i'll bring some kifle 
we asked my aunt from switzerland to bring us argeta and she brought us 5 bags of vegeta... #bosnianprobs



nada. dude if it's like this on halloween i ain't going out
wym i stop lol
boy .....
no i dont 






both are already spoken for, but i appreciate the effort haha
ty montgomery could be a good pickup, and if youre in a ppr league cole beasley is good too
waiting to see what picks go through now
hopefully youre up on that waiver wire haha
my bye week hell is finally upon me...



right ! lol never letting gon
damn that shit part of the family at this point lmao
lmao i've had it for years
where you buy that mf though
someone came to my apartment and tried to roast me for having a dual vcr/dvd player . haters .



u know i'm just kiddddddin 
stop
nah
lol i thought i was following you already
how r u gonna rt my tweet but not follow me  our friendship is over



that one still makes more sense than anything i've heard.
shit, i didnt know they split. bummer.
that actually would make sense, if they still were a team.
neveldine/taylor? too on the nose?
the suggestions people give for deadpool 2... and even from filmmakers... i'm starting to think everyone is doing a bit.



now this is what tinder should really b used for
back when i used to have it, i'd find people i knew and send them gifs of dogs
ok good bc i overthink tinder 2 much
yes
if u come across someone u know well enough on tinder is it alright to platonically swipe right



my friend
who you love?
what ?

i love you too



haha yeah, that's where everyone goes.
damn lol
glamis is where it's at!
if your going to dumont i want a ride in it
6 am. trucks not gonna work on itself



and wr
kick returner
u forgot about huff
ol of johnson, barbre, drafted c, brooks, big v
imagine potentially next season:qb: wentzrb: chubb/smallwoodwr1: jeffreyslot: matthewswr3: green-beckhamte: ertz/celek



injustice.
working late and bike still down
thurs
my shit ain't gonna be fixed by then! when is it anyway?
gone get that fixed n tell some others.



okay des, will do 
next time she makes some invite me over for dinner lol
yes she's a great cook thanks to god lol 
damn i bet your mom gets down 
came home to green posole thanks to mom 



for sure!! we gotta turn up again soon!
miss you bro i'll see you soon
great minds think alike
always eat then sleep
eat or sleep somebody help



omg so many jejemons
nevermind i clicked it and i'm horrified at what i see
since we both babes we should just be #bbybabe lmao
i like
since jade is coffeebabe98 am i bbypeachtea95



 not at all
it's those single cab trucks 
ramis needs to show me what he is doing
ramis putting in work 
my baby cousin is 15 and be netflix and chilling and babygirl over here can't even get a text back!



you also could do the talent show for homecoming (;
bless up
it's coming i promise! we are finding space
waiting patiently for the next class with ms. shannon.
all i want to do is dance



i love it *sneaks in vote* :)
that is my secret vote lol
i love dual pov too! i should have made that an option!:)
double pov is my one true love. i like both.
my ya lovelies...let's talk povs! do you prefer:



same especially on bart 
lol yea i see what you talking bout tho. i stand out everywhere lol
for the most part
nah not at all
maybe i just feel hella tall cuz everybody in the bay are midgets 



oh tru here it's 3
it's only 1 bruh



take one!
i know!! if i can ever get a vacation im there in a heartbeat!
duh. get down here
because youre wishing i was in town. its ok i feel the same haha
why can't i sleep



i'm like damn too bad i was alone i would've had a field day with that 
lol that's how it is
he mad i won't come back 
block em, unblock them then text em like "i miss u" then they really think you're crazy lmao
i hate the person you wanna block but can't 



it's one way the round trip is like $400
you lucky wtf
yeah
to go home???
this ticket is $69 but i've never taken the airline before so i'm not tryna die and stuff



 i googled it.
rip
lol i wanted to clean his feet ):
you didn't give it a bath did you? lol
i'm scared to pick up my rabbit. someone help 



whatever
it gets me out of school. there's more days in the week but i see how u feel now
you're going to one act play nerd
ok nvm we won't do it.
wish i had someone to carve a pumpkin with



i know you are.
i'm trying  don't pressure me
hurryyyyy
uno more montho! 
to be here asap



nope. no email either. cell phones were still a bit of a rarity.
i don't think you had readily available internet either?
look on the bright side. when i was your age i had, like, 0 followers.
to be fair, 700 people is about 699 more than should actually be following me.
don't think i'll ever get over 700 followers permanently. always lose one as soon as i do.



spurs and cavs both looked pretty good last night.
fine. cavs over spurs
how about a 2nd round of prediction once nfl is over. gives you a "change your mind".
no predictions until nfl is over
nba season starts tonight... give me your finals prediction. we will revisit in months.



yes!! that's all i listened too.
bro slim was my favorite rapper growing up
bro you the realist!!!!
i think everyone's all jealous and shit because i'm like the lead singer of the band dude
"these chicks don't even know the name to my band"



it's delicious, you should try it next time
as long as i can steal a slice because that sounds good
no chicken and feta on mine and pineapples on yours, we good?
make that call. pineapples tho
j'ai envie de domino's



starting the last one right now.
ill be cutting it close
i'm closing in.
update: this shit is ass
2nd ever college all nighter is finna go down



when are you off so we can have a lunch date 
but what days 
you said christmas time !
still loves you 
hi we are going to disney world k love you 



 where tf you been light skin
don't look like that

go back 
woke up like 



smh gosh do i miss the 90's. lol
done. btw the answer is always 200 messages 
try it again!
why can't i retweet this? 
do i call you? or do we resolve this quickly with 200 messages?



honestly 
nah everyone knows her lmao
. like jesus can there be one nigga in virginia beach she ain't fw .
yikessss thank god i don't have to deal with that cause i'd  go off
i'm staying single till college lol



you right
lol
*amazing
he's ight
he's so amazing



that's good to hear
not i wtf
smh lol
*project
niggas just failed a 520 point assignment 



lol shiddd how much you get paid ? y'all hiring 
lol yea my new job
lol you cupid now fam 
holla ya ha  lol it's time she stop being that
had to add my crush on snap 



i expected that to be true
that never goes away
i miss natali more and more everyday
all gen chem professors are compared to natali
my chem professor is the biggest goober out there



i deed nat heet her, i deed nat
yoouur tearing me apaaaaat lisa
kys
the room is better
donnie darko was released 15 years ago today, and it's still one of the best cult classics.



is the pay good ?
bitch ! i need a ford escape lmfao 
fremont ford boo!
where you work out now
i worked 10 hrs on my first day 



 i just dozed off, i'm about to gone go..
you trying not to fall asleep and i'm trying to fall asleep 
 i'm trying, this bed comfortable too
you got it
 trying to hold out until 2.



good lord lol
just trying to get my brother to school 
damn!  where are you trying to go? lmao
correction, 4 trains
missed my 5am alarm &amp; woke up at 8:27 then got caught at 3 trains but i'm not even mad 



ok enjoy your pie knowing that was made for broken families and orphans
first of all fuck you second of all this is america i do what i want
you're eating a single serving pre-packaged slice of pumpkin pie alone.
i'm just super emotionally stunted not heartless






school first
when money involve
aint you at school ?
put down
up bored af



can't wait to get the day started or just a habit?
really,early bird are ya?
always up this early
why is that?
bright and early 



i just hit it.
hit my line
back on the music grind. let's get it
my guy! give me some good news
yooooo



i know much love always
haha, i'm jk nothin but love 
that's just mean its ok tho i can get to the bar faster that way
i might come to vegas just to first round you old man 
are looking for 1 for vegas. hit up nic or jazz they are in charge



thank you!!
ohh that's pretty kool now that i know what is but goodluck to you kill it out there
its just developers joining in teams to make apps for it systems and compete against other teams
what is that i am kinda curious what is now since i have seen your tweet
soooo i got invited to compete in usc's hackathon this year and i'm super excited!!!!



on me i'm in pa for the week
naturally link up if you off
aw yeah? 
shit wassup me &amp; cory linking up friday
. what b the move



ain't have time doe. i was already running late. i was pissed
whoever tows and tickets ppl
what ppl?
my fav time to call the ppl
yo why tf is there a semi stopped on the one way downtown unloading and shit during morning traffic?! wtf?



yassssss . i'll keep you posted on deets
yaaas okay okay! that's what's up, well i'll be at the warming once y'all get right!
oh yeah thanks boo ! qiyanah is my roommate 
aww congrats..i didn't know you found a place. &amp; we? who your roommate 
so we're getting a couch next week . apartmentwarming soon come  #wewantgifts #yesliquorcounts



you're overplayed!
don't let me down is somewhat overplayed. nowhere near closer though!
don't let me down is overplayed - closer isn't played enough!
that song is so overplayed. i'm over it.
chainsmokers closer #pensdj



exactly why i'm bored
aren't you unemployed ?
i'm bored at work
log off now
why single mothers always mad at everyone except the person that made them a single mom?



naw none of them did that
lmao look at my snap. one of em really did that 
who would do that...
it was the hack black ass 
this nigga chad is gay i swear



i didn't see this my bad bro but, yes i told you that you would dig the show dawg..
khalessi just got an army and her dragon burned the bald dude! i'm in love bro! 
not until june bro  and cut it smooth off!
haha didn't expect that ending said "here, this will help you remember" and cut jamie lannister'a hand off lol
i don't want to be waiting months for it



who said im an okc fan?
thunder 
you thought
kd still getting that ring
spurs 



well alrighty then. 
don't be sorry  it's cool 
haha sorry.
so random but thank you 
is hot.



 trying to get warm
 wyd
i see 
i'm up lol
but lemme gts since everybody else did lol



naw at work going to catch the highlights tho soon
ayye... you saw the warriors get waxed 
yes sir
your going?
gonna be live at the kanye concert



we dont play that in this house lol
halo
i was gonna fire it up. cant decide on what to play
kinda yea. you good but then fall off hard and gotta climb your way back into relevancy and good shape.
rdr got a slow start?



no gabby it is sudden. go away
it's not suddenly when you complain about it all the time
thank you gabby, which is why i said suddenly. idiot. foh
youve been doing it for years
why is it suddenly so hard to be awake at this time :/



you serious??
guess it's a good thing i got an xbox 1
fuuck
no just the same like xbox and ps4 no pc
is iw gonna be cross platform?



well i hadn't thought of that
never. i'm not looking forward to him being in our division for two more years
you take that back
hope his arm falls off
andrew miller still good



yeaa
my retweets?
that's how you moving?
yes? lol






that hunger! gets ya every time!
i often forget i'm not a disembodied spirit. the hunger eventually reminds me.
i'm...i'm human!!??
i think it's a human thing 
i really enjoy food these days.is that a middle-age thing?



1pm pst
about what time?
me and the homie going to stream today are you down will you be available?
i do 






oh man i have wished for that literally every time i've been stuck sitting on the train at that platform
need stations near lattc to avoid delays at grand/washington switch, ride straight to little tokyo or union station.






bikes for more than 24 hours...



hell yeah cause he be sayin real shit. he just gotta work on the flow a lil bit.
if dude had time to focus on rap all the way he'd be nice with it
my cousin put me on 
that weezy verse go harder than a mf
damian lilard goin for mvp and album of the year.



i have one in my car too
such a sad day
i saw dis while i'm walking inside smh
can u bring me a water bottle and drop it by my class
update i've found my keys :-)



this is very true
alan jackson did also !
i mean kenny was bad as fuck back in the day. who gets into water fully clothed ya know
that right there is america
tbh the song back where i come from gives me the chills every damn time



thanks! almost done. lol
awwww! good luck today then!
nope. i got distracted with pretty boys &amp; dreams of edging. 
lol, did you finish?
i'm determined to finish this book today! if only i could stop reading twitter... 



what the hell
no problem. u ever seen that white bear on the bimbo bread?
lmaoo thanks ??
you look like a teddy bear. that's not a bad thing btw.
your wcw be on the tl deleting her tweets for no reason



ok cool i'll apply
16 locations man
where do they have one??
desert suns whack. join the ttan squad
applied at the ram and desert sun  i need another job now



i'll b in commerce
none i got a lame life. what's the play? link
hell yea. it make time go by fast but what you got going this weekend
lmfao u hell. b dropping shii i kno
i be at work high dennaho fucking up shi



we are in! come on over!
#worldseries
?



i does this. if you didn't know now . . you will 
better do it girl 
no but fr tho.

any bitch before me any bitch after me 



 you got my # still hit me up boy we got to link.
vintage lt.. in my 
just cooling bro working how you looking on the courts
shit just coolin.. waddup my guy?
what's good my g



it took a lot of thinking lol
you went through #gopackgo #keeppounding #dubnation but i feel like you are finally home where you belong
#vfl#titanup#thunderup #gobraves
carson i've never seen a sports fan go through the identity crisis you have gone through for two years.
game day #thunderup



i usually sing along in korean for the songs with both jp/kr version lmao
took a while but like, hands up in jpn grew on me but lmao those two
lmfaoooooooo i did the same for go crazy xd they sing jp one i sing kr one hhahahahaha
saaaame the jpn version fucks me up. like. klajflkajfk
/sings promise korean version/



fucking bitch lmaoo

umm you could've politely said, "laying down" bitch ass hoe
bitch i'm in bed tf
wyd



ima look it up rn wtf i didn't know
whaaaaaaat you schleep
wtf no i didn't
you saw the trailer for the new one?
i fucking love pirates of the caribbean idk if i'm more in love with jack or will



nah just continue to be weird, hate when you're quiet
sorry ):
stop being weird big bro
i just need somebody to loveeeeeee. and then i won't be a hoe, fuck u
sarina always complaining how she want someone but she lowkey a hoe 



i was dead ass about to call the police hahahha
lmaoooo i was scared when i was at that creepy motel 
hold me. i'm scared lol
that movie is the creepiest movie i've ever seen
the strangers just csme on tv. i'm fucked. not sleeping..bye.



lol it was high, but the bus wasn't leaving in time.
oh lmao i was about to say
i already took it lol.
megabus? that's gonna be od expensive
uber from ny to philly.



81-1 then we will take it my boy just want a ring..
they shouldn't lose a game
game 1 outta 82 we gone be straight.!
wat happen to the warriors
oui.!



oh i already finished it  i can't wait!
and once you catch up the new season starts in january or february on cw!!!!
the new originals season came on to netflix and it reminded me of how much i love her 
same girl i just love her
grows by the day



decatur, dekalb county
what side of town u on rn
my flight for 2:45
what time u leaving
i'm coming back to louisiana tomorrow but watch how fast i jet out 



put it away and learn some spanish 
exactly my spanish teacher keep telling me put my phone away 
twitter is such a big distraction yo 

i was finishing up this assignment till i checked my twitter notifications 



had to think of something you disliked 
ew don't call me that 
only if i get to sit by you lil shawty
antioch (:
in need of a new church



on board next lol
incredible episode
season 3 episode 3
which one are you up to?






it's ok honey speak your mind.
okay i was harsh, sorry. but it was kinda shady
who's bitter and old? i'm actually extremely grateful love. 
nothing worse than a bitter old lady, dear 



just give me da date i'm downnnnn whenever
next month?
i'm down
let's go skydiving
i'm so bored



thanks nori 
oh no im sorry to hear that :(
yes ma'am. daddy in the hospital
ummmmm you here in the states????? 
jay is jobless and on that stuff? is that what i'm reading?



love you too my little baby. 
omg love you 
yesss you're the only emma i talk to 
i dunno if this is me emma but i love youuu
can i just say how much i love emma...my baby



i woke up to go pee
girl..past your bedtime what doin?
yes



i really just want to see the northern lights



when u find one let me know make sure they got transportation to et 
lol i'm searching early this morning in class right now .
u playing
lmbo i gotcha say less.
find me a tusculum nigga bye












    --   



ideal date look at open houses in the phx area for inspiration

i like that you said you were going to sleep yet you're on twitter 
i'm taking you to friday's half price apps...
ideal date, go to sprouts and shop for health



im not feeling well
y u leaving
omw home wyd
hey wyd
being attached ain no joke 



so much disrespect to my mans damn i miss him
lol poyeyes
ihu lmaooo
whats glenn favorite restaurant?
up late thinking about the fact that glenn is actually dead



this is why ur my fav
if i knew more i would continue quoting it
are u quoting high school musical ..
we all in this together
why am i wide awake



chair squeaks and chill
bird chirps and chill?
trianglemusic and chill
majesticcasual and chill?
kung fu panda series &amp; chill



who hurt you?
lmao don't have to
won't @ em tho
the shading wack, the outline wack, the way it looks wack.
pointless tattoos are literally the worst lol



i believe in u sis
it's only the beginning of the year you wait
hey what matters is you're not failing
i have all cs
i have all as and a single b in aice biology i want o u t



i'm gonna see if i can get my pit ticket for nov 1st. i need to go with you guys!
nooooooo  we're going november 1st!
omg, i don't even know what day i'm even going anymore. my friend is playing with my feelings. lol
hey! i think we're going to kanye the same day 
i'm taking my vicks and put it around my mask. the smell is gonna be amazing!



thank you!! 
you did so well tonight!!
aww thanks kent!! 
you'll do great!
i haven't sang in front of a crowd since middle school and i'm so nervous for tomorrow omg



i did it yesterday thought it was just a tweak... but i woke up this morning to find out otherwise
it's too early to be hurting yourself

awww poor baby
nothing to like here 



ok i got you 
better hook me up lol
trust me i already had plans when i saw them
you gonna add an extra kick to em  if you know what i mean lol
wing stop starts selling brownies next week 



 aw man.
lol nooooo  wait i had to my rate was horrible smh
lmao she said you left her.
 why what i do? lol
tiara said she's gonna fight you lol



i've been thinking about it but i think he might be doing a lot of his new gay shit
chance tbh
chance is this saturday 
you need to come see me bitch
should i go see chance the rapper or kanye 



sn that's my son 
whyyyyyy 
i kinda sorta do 
huhhhh, 
i miss kevon 



long story. i'll tell ya about it when i get a phone repair hopefully today
how?
i'm a felon
charges? the hell?!?
got off on all all nine charges. panicking can now cease.



i lost trust in ucla
prob
lmao so the guy lied to me ???
they were the actors
so i came to a haunted house thinking that ucla students would be the actors...



look hard enough u might find one lol
i gotta find your before pic lol
yea
you had one?
getting feeling back in ur nipples after a boob job is the one of the most uncomfortable sensations ever



i'm tired of this fucking guy retweeting me every time i say this fucking guy
this fucking guy go to a gas station and buy a charger
im on my computer bro my phone is dead
you're a cocksucker for dubbing my facetime at 3:40 am bro like cmon you're not busy
so hungry



too late
go to sleep. or you'll have bags. and be ugly.
hey sexy 
hey zaddy 
it's always something



you're overthinking this ces :p
what if the child has that benjamin button?
any child.
is it a small child or a big child
is it ok to say no kids allowed at a wedding?



lmao i cannot w/ you, ain't nobody teach me that .
girl what atlanta nigga done taught u the word "bih" unfinished ass word
lol aight see you lil bih 
miss you more i'm coming over this weekend so be prepared 
girl i miss your irky ass



lmfao you feel me bruh!!! i need some penetration going on or else that shit is boring
i don't even watch that shit unless a strap on involved and even that shit boring
nigga i fucking hope not lol lesbian porn is boring as shit
she gonna get out and her new thing gonna be eating pussy i'd almost bet on it lmfao
lol aye yo this video i just saw...... teanna trump outta jail yet bruh???



lmao it's dismal i don't even like r&amp;b
lmaoo. i'd love to see the rest of your top 5.
exit
i disagree with that...but the remix with remy was my shit
when i see you x fantasia is a top 5 r&amp;b song. debate your auntie



i would if he'd leave me tf alone
stop talking to him
tyler said that to me but okay
you don't even hang out with me anymore so i disagree with that statement
i was just told that i care too much about my friends. how the fuck does that work??



i do what i want.
don't be from marshall.
i'll kill your cat and take a video of it 
i'll shoot your dog.
to all cubs fans, if you win the series, congrats it's been 108 years



what i need is someone to help me go shoe shopping. i'm literally wearing 2 right shoes
wish there was something i could do
pain. shoes. life.
'smatter hon?
help seriously



you're kindly welcome. i watch good day new york almost every morning.
thanks for listening and paying attention  :)
oh, i see.
yes correct, i was thinking it leads to the cross bronx expwy so my wires got crossed there.
you mean the camera at the george washington bridge is face northern manhattan-not the bronx.



wordliiife!! let's get it!!
doors at 9 pm i believe.
my dude!!! good looking out brosef!!!  kill that shit tonight!!! i'll def be there tonight! what times the show 2nite?
yo i put you on the list homie.
masters of the machines tonight! #boston #hiphop #rap #beats #instrumentals #showcase #battle #show #nightlife



you bet i will!
yes... speaking at 1pm on 11/9. come to my session!
trish u gonna be at inbound016?
thanks.. i love that analogy!



i will tell it to head overseas for you
thats okay i dont discriminate
it's ugly drippy rain in 8c,though ...not nice rain
you can give it to me if you dont like it
wtf who put all this rain outside. put that back.



hell yeah lol super affordable also
recommend?
dude yessss
have you tried wings n go?
craving wings



say less
make it $10
put $5 on it
with 3 more in your future
cubs just took the hard l



i know
i will 
go suck a dick somewhere else
no one wants you bitch
when he leaves you on delivered..






story were you indicating
has dem-organized violence @ trump rallies, mass voter fraud, campaign law breaches.
what story ?
/ break is front page stuff!



damn that's awesome
 gotta love timehop it's awesome to see that though because now look har far you've come man
wow, i don't even remember tweeting that 
i'm sorry what was that? 
im not good enough to play at and d1 or d2 schools that would be a dream



sooo we getting that business proposal together?
lol
gurrrrrl  imma need you to get with it
never watched that either. remind me next wk when it comes on.
maybe cause i was sleepy and dosed off but last night's #atlantafx was blaaah



right???
i hate it so much but i love it at the same time
im crying ava its so good
shrieking raptor melody
flintsones to snow halation



if mag succeed streaming plan ko. feature taka haha
most legit gamer
fck you bruh. 70% league 20% ow 10% starcraft 2.. yes i will be mlg
just like ur trash plays, scrub
filipinos and their trash decisions



you're right!! that's where all the money went that i paid!
the shirts and the free food make it all worth it 
i love it
it doesn't stop the older you get either
i've been in college like 1/8th of the year and i already have 20 nau shirts



eventually maybe lol
kml only because ion like people staring at me  but you could've came up to me . i'm nice 
you be looking unbothered &amp; it'd be awkward just walking up being like oh ik you lol
lol you do . why youn speak 
i see you all the time 



the last thing i said to her when i dropped her off at school was "be nice to him" 
rip pauddy
she's gonna officially break it off today.. poor paul.. it's not his fault he was born boring...
what's going on
it's a bad day to be paul... 



say less 
i ask cause i wanna play pool
yes ma'am
you got a iphone?
if you text back in 0.5 seconds hmu



 ms white is a saint
c*
still got a a tho 
15*
how do i have 11 absences in english already 



lmaooo, just kidding 
bet
who r u again ??? 
ur not
im siced asf i got a 100 on that us/va test  im tufffff



you know me 
oh i see lmao &amp; i see why you got that 
she didn't technically make me, but she is a very good at convincing
what did she make you get 




cool ttyl 
next time you'll get a personal one
yea well an invite would be nice ya know
you're always there anyways
you never ask me



forreal.
spot on babe 
well am i wrong??!? lol
oh my gawwdddd 
i don't think it's coincidence that pretty and petty are spelled so similar 



stfu and love me
that's fine, nexttt
oops
so ur cheating on me
some of the conversations ash and i have actually sound like we date or something idk



lol i neeeeed it
bye keith
bring lotus 
i'll think about it
my birthday november 11... make a note of that shit.



yo boi, my tweets be fire af, boi.
boi u stupid, making all kinds of stupid comments. just stop
you ain't no english speaker, boi
boi u ain't no steelers fan smh
a true steeler fan demands more than a list of empty apologies and promises. #steelers #banbigbum



it's my trademark i haven't done it in a while lol
btw did you just change your avi again? 
just doooo it 
this motivates me to workout today even tho i feel sick and have a headache 
6 am workouts and i'm somehow still awake rn. kill me.



bruh i didn't even know they had japanese food
the only good thing about denton is the japanese food lol
explains why i'm always there 
people from denton are hillbillies so
it's so funny how people that live in denton think that the asheboro mall is fancy 



it's gonna be ugly.
have a priest pray over tj before warmups
he hurt
bayless don't start point?
poor tj mcconnell smfh



black and white calls should be decided by technology. especially when a baseball is moving 80-105 mph.
ball/strike is a black and white call. two states. fumbles and catches are not.
theres more to look at in football. in baseball, a computer as you see on tv, can do it instantly.
big difference between discerning a ball/strike in baseball and fumble/catch in football.






bruhh i bet a lot of colleges do that omg good idea
get a job at usc (that involves writing???) and you get a certain number of class credits for free!
the ideal: writing for a living but then taking like 4 classes per year for the rest of my life.
poetry, non european literature, philosophy, queer history, women's history, fashion, shamanism, sculpture, particle physics, sequential art
things i want to study: cultural anthropology, world mythology, religion, east asian history, astrophysics again, evolutionary biology,



i think i'll be asleep then :c
around 10 hours from now, if i'm not too exhausted later
are you streaming? :&gt;
guess what my plan is for tonight :p
i really want more zabivaka porn. like a lot more!



you know it's as homo as it can get
no homo
bjeblak matchday programme and will try to get it signed 
nshalla betkoun overweight 3al tiyara you cunt
woke up and found out we were able to get tickets to chelsea tottenham next month!i've never been happier



your compa alex with the hot cheeto fries tho
no hay pedo compa, es el pisto
pinchi vato lonjudo
yea right i'm going to bed nigga
gym time



lol spurs beat them boys up
idk im just talking g  i ain't even watch the game
wym
not this yr b
these commentators are wild, this hoe said the spurs ain't that good



us too. its weird.
im starting episode 6 now. im totally lost on the relationship between the young lawyer and the old guy.
watched 6 episodes. some parts are weird but overall like it. nice combo of this plus bosch.
how far in are you?
goliath is a good show. my wife and i have enjoyed it so far. #goliath #amazon



im not coming until thursday night
what time u be in miami?
always
be safe
so sleepy.



oooookayyyy.
hopefully i can find a babysitter! i'll let you kno.
it starts at 8! 
i totally forgot!  what time does it start again?
wooohoooo!!



i didn't yell..
don't yell
dammit jordyn you didn't respond so i totally forgot #yourfault
and never texted me and shit
i'm up at 3am practicing my costume makeup.  wide awake and shit



too much sass lmao idk if i can handle it
honestly i want that voice as my gps
this is what dreams are made of 
amazing
update: my lyft driver has madea's voice as his gps and my ankle is sprained from the show



lmao if only
it's okay just sneak the gps into their phone lmao
smh 
they say that about all of em 
"mostly all marines are fuck boys" --a us marine 



goddamn kids these days with their pre-coffee and their sms.
if that's what the kids are calling it these days.
cocaine, right? youre talking about cocaine?
you need some sort of pre-coffee coffee.
excuse me while i try to figure out how to make the coffee before ive had the coffee.



not every day but as much as possible. looking into 530am sessions.
sweet. we knew it! so know that you're back on the grind, are you going to the gym every day??
like a boss!
awesome! did you kill it on your first day back?
back to the gym...day 1 begins now.



they hurt so bad i wanna cry
yo boobies
lol that's so not nice taj
that's what you get
my  sore as fuck , worst pain ever



stop that hashtag now
now all three of us have problems #rubchucksback
but josh is the one who has a problem!
other way around
let's take a vote! should chuck rub josh's back?



all your great pics are there.
lol, i was hoping my account wasn't glitched or what not
it's my phone...but i found them.
they're all in my profile. same place they've always been
where are your photos darling?



it was junho's song right?wowow
i love it lmao i'm so lkajfkjafk god. i /love/ it
right? omg soooooo jam
this seems sooooo up your alley!
i loveeeeeeeeeeee this fuck






promise you it wont be a close game



warriors gone win by 40 when they play okc
westbrook somewhere chuckling with a notepad in hand.



ramen noodles lol
what you gone eat
fuck it might as well
fuckit eat up
i'm really trying my hardest not to eat rn but i'm starving



trying to figure out where rick steves came from. the cust service ladies were super nice, though...



mmm...didn't get that detail, but i met up with rick steves like he was my best friend.







forever broke ahhhhhhhh tt
hehe..!!! i'm still waiting for galaxy's dvd... and they have the dome conc now, we'll be broke..!! 
i hope!wanted to see his hair up again cuz it's the best hairstyle on him sobs
haha...!!!! it sounds pretty good tho.... hehee..!!!!
hope they did't fuck up minjun's hair this time



theres nothing to see, just a frozen window
send ne screen shot about the error to fix it
its not a specific error it just very quickly stops responding
send me screenshot for the error
im getting major problems with the wallet in macos sierra, any ideas?



you're gonna have loads of fun lol
same
yeah i'm working on halloween lol
it doesn't love you
love my job



yeah dat way 
staying cheap on em like uncle craig 
i'm tryna get some like you 
thank you my guy!!! let me hold sum! 






okay text me.
i swear i'm going then we can transfer out together after the 1st or 2nd year
you better be going hoe.
troyu21
ua'21 or uab'21 



girl y wouldn't he make u
if i come and he makes me take it i might cry
haha 
looks like i ain't coming
yikes i completely forgot i have an economics test today...



don't know yet i text you
what time are we studying tom?
sameee!
i legit dont know how i always end up on twitter!!
b, why are you on twitter! you should be studying! this is why i'm a good friend



will do
we can check it out. please dm us your confirmation number. ^ty
but i now have the club card...
the mileageplus explorer card allows for your first checked bag to fly free. ^ty
confused, thought i get 2 free checked bags with explorer club card



i'm gonna call game 1 luck
series***
i've been saying whoever won the redsox indians game was going to win the world series
you just gotta go for cleveland 
perez is having himself a day! #worldseries #clevelandalltheway



ur right there
idk where he is
why can't u get me my bf
i can get you got chocolate but not your bf
i want hot chocolate &amp; my bf



false witness is meaningless-get out of alternative universe



in what universe?
#watergate is nothing compared to #hillary &amp; the #clintonfoundation.
what a wonderful endorsement from #nixon of watergate and misuse of doj reputation and his rather silly grandson



you'd totally fail as a blogger! get a fp for 7:55 on 11/18 and you can ride it with me!
aaaaaaah. i still havent been on frozen \_()_/
potato sack race down msusa!
danggit, i missed a race? to where are they racing?
it's fun to watch the bloggers race.



rude.
maybe cuz he sucks and they didn't need him for game 1 
if he was on the team, why would he just be showing up to game number two?!
lol, it sounds like he's on the team!
husband goes to the #worldseries tomorrow... #gotribe! #indiansvscubs #indians



i'll text u guys tomorrow bc we're making this happen
no doubt she's coming
you comin???
let's go!!
i haven't been to dave and busters yet  i need to go asap



still real life hurt by you
don't you ever 
you really don't :(
i miss u
i miss my family 



thanks dood 
yayayayay that's so exciting!
dude yah my papers are in 
are you going on a mission?!?
lol can my call come plz 



crazy that was almost 10 years ago lol
ppl forget how good those dudes were man lol
lmaooo kawhi wasnt even in the league then
remember when iggy and lee were all stars? lol
why kawhi do iggy like dat???



hopefully!!
well there filming season2 already so it might answer the confusing questions at the end
dude there was so much hype about it and the ending killed it, i expected way more
ayy you finally watched it omg
stranger things on netflix had the lamest ending ever 



no this one came through email. i didn't get one on my other accounts so must be random selection?
nice, was it one of the random popups in the app to get to it?
25 dollas!
how much?
gift card upon completion of their survey! #legit 



i'm just speaking the truth on the tl  that's allllllllll
 i can't with you rn morgan , you got me weak i already got a headache
i'm so fucking serious lmaooooo niggas out here really thinking they going d1 .. i can't 

y'all weak ass niggas swear basketball gunna get you thru life but y'all can barely hoop



you probly offered and i said i'll let you know but ok lol
yes u did but ok lol.
i didn't ask ypu
why ask me to get you if someone else is....
don't fall asleep and forget to pick me up



good idea i'll incorporate it
i will definitely buy a copy if it comes with a free bookmark molded after your penis
my life
about?
i'm writing a book



good! enjoy!
i'll be celebrating later, but fun will be had eventually. :)
i've been all right. (can complain, do complain, shouldn't complain, you know.) have you had fun times on your bday?
thank you! so good to hear from you! hope all is well with you too! :)
happy birthday! hope all is well.



the darkness at queen st. would really recommend it if you're looking to go again!
psycho, i was in the westboro location you?
yeah the rooms are tough! which one did you do?
i was there too! didn't escape though
tonight! and we managed to escape the darkness with 3 minutes to spare! 



well since you're up ....
i know can't sleep duhh
but you're on twitter 
girl it's 2 am and i'm trying to sleep 
make me some food pls ....



i will for my birthday 
maybe try switching it up once in a while 
always 

ended the week with 63 hours 



i know that's why you so excited twww look way you feba lls
i'm just saying young buck. lol  , but i just got off work lol

i'll sleep when i'm dead. 
go tf to sleep 




damn i got pack sam can't smoke 
i'm in the islands 
wyo
i just got out here big homie



lmfao chill mannnn damn
man i'm edsu  it's satan. wow i knew you then... why didn't i tell you any better? 
 i loved lil wayne chill

lo ' shy got that fiya &amp; dese hoes love me like satin yeaaa






i didn't know it was the weekend already 



mmmmmm 
i think your a bitch but that's okay cause i'm having fun



humans are overrated.
i know not plato's theories. i prefer to discover humans one at a time.
plato's cave theory strikes again.
we are monsters and cringe, then run away screaming.
comedians aren't politicians. they exist to hold a mirror up to society. #lookatyourselves



so you're sisters can come to pittsburgh but you can't?!? lame
nope! netflix??
ugh i know  i was gonna watch the movie "todos se van" have you heard of it?
spanish &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; todas otras cosas
instead of watching the spanish film i was assigned to, i watched the help instead 



you are tho
you're sweet
you don't count, you're a creative mastermind
mind your business
why tf you up? you don't have work in the morning, lazy ass bum?



i don't fucking know anymore to be completely honest
idgi
ju her mii
guat
hey melissa, who don't you actually tweet rather than retweet shit?



likewise
of course bro! i'll never stop
that's why stopping is not an option
been thru it and i agree 100%
seeing your mom cry motivates you like no other 



sucks bc we're going on an adventure
you know i don't like to do anything.....
next week, we're hanging
i literally cannot leave my house until thursday because school is life
i really miss you more, wanna hang out



right lol gotta call it like it is haha
lol well, it would be weird for a man to call another man a hoe, but by definition, he is.
hella men on the tl
who said he wasn't?
so what is future for having hella kids by different women? lmao he aint a hoe? but ciara is? ok



what's ur gt
damn! xbox 1 
psn??
i'll play with you!
i kinda feel like playing bo3 but it gets boring playing solo



so either way it will work out. don't over think it.
just relax dude. if you get it then congrats. but if you don't, don't trip. everything happens for a reason.
at carmax. interview is thursday and i'm nervous as hell lol
what is this job #3?
stress on top of stress with this job. hoping to god i get it



long live
most definitely
we gon go on an l ride with that on repeat
yeaa it did, the beat so smooth. i feel like i could listen to the instrumental all night while smoking
that record starting to grow on you yet?



love u to 
i love you lmao
ya know me 
fam hahahaha
your smile is the best even with that missing top lip



it has!! i'm happy there are no events anytime soon after this lol
lol i feel you. i also have 6/7 edits/drawings made by now. this has been a wild ride :d
i am so...dying lol one more fic, plus i'll send you the dialogue for your edit before this weekend!
yeeeeeey \o/
6/7 reisaru fics doneeeeee



that's what mine is ily thank you good luck 
for anatomy sonervous 
omg wow you rock ant thank you 
good luck!!! just breathe you totally know everything!! be confident!
everyone say a quick prayer that i don't cry during this practical :)



you too love 
tru stay up baby girl 
i'm not it's just a good song
i'm just saying you could do better. why you simpin?
are you drunk rn ?



me too but its closed now so i have to live with it 
i was craving ino so much 
wow smh 
if i would've seen this earlier i would've scooped you up to get in n out smfh
really hungry rn i want in n out



it's starts at 8:45  you better be there! if not imma drag you from your room 
8:25 i'll try my hardest to be there
that's for replying back to me  and it's long story 
?????
wishing your ex a happy birthday through letter instead of in text is so cute ..



where y'all at b
my cousin
who u with
smoke
ain't no one ever tryna smoke  i got 9 gs to blowwwww 



jesus. go get a 20 dollar scratcher on break. let it ride
bowl of trip 4s
what the hell did you have for breakfast. cee lo or craps
i just turned $5 into $105 in 6 rolls. great start to the work day.



i gotchu friday.
need
* passes you the blunt* hit this gasss
really can't sleep



bruh personally i crank flock more but people i know ain't even listen to mafia ties and i love it
moe get outta here
shabazz
who got more hits flock or shabazz



sounds great!
yes, you two will have much to discuss... when things normalize a bit, maybe we could schedule a short call!
missed each other this time. hopefully there will be another opportunity soon!
please tell me you two are connecting at #citylabmia!



... don't they use catia for vehicle design?
time for their software subs to be paid again?
then local motors. oh well.
recurring theme of speakers at #seu16. not crowdfunding, no iot. bootstrapped design, engineering and fabrication out of garages. proper



i know what you mean...this is why i will not be returning to the cobble hill pure barre
yes, i think it's fine. i'm mostly talking about women with straight hair down to their butts!!!
would you approve of my sweatband look?
you know what i'm very very suspicious of? women who exercise without tying their hair back



i suggest that you refer this to your coaching staff.  tell lance that geof morris sent you.
he also went back to tier 3 juniors for some time too. coaches recruited him knowing he was semi-pro. violation?
but if theres shenanigans there, ill take forfeits on the debacles this weekend.
soooo lssu has a former major junior player on their team that's leading their team in scoring... thats not legal#thingsthatmakeyouwonder



didnt wanna duo anyway w/e
*ahem* masters
hey
lf jungler duo ~ around masters



when are you leaving?
yaaassss, meet up with me! party 
omg i want to come
just got my ticket for mardi gras round three this year and realized i'll be 21 so 



well shit hmu
there's like four or five different parties! i don't even know which one to go too
what's going on this weekend?
i can already tell this weekend is gonna be one for the books and it only monday



don't forget about the hidden hitler switch that stays lowkey until they get mad at you
the homeland

something about blonde hair and blue eyes that just catches your attention.



i did a lot of shit i didn't know i did til i woke up today 
u kept saying the same shit over and over 
hm, don't be fucking rude! 
chandra drunk gets on my nerves man 



yellow stitches man
can anyone else name another celtic punk band because i for sure can't
it's called the salty dog cruise and flogging molly and dropkick murphys have both played it
imagine being on a cruise ship full of celtic punk band because apparently that's a real thing



i rest my case.
the few who've come into my mentions saying random, ignorant shit have been trump supporters lmao
i blame trump for a lot of this tbh.
me: wow leslie jones said some transphobic shitsome random: yeah!! she's also a racist against white people!me: ... lol no



good snack choice
ramch
what flavor were they
i ate all my pringles too :( i have nothing to live for



nopeno its not
is it is it really
well goodmorning sunshine
it's trying to rain on the one day i didn't bring a fuckin umbrella



couldn't hurt!
thinking bout submitting
no but i've heard of it and know ppl that use it
you have experience with working not working?



do you have it set as that? hahaha
in that case my current relationship status is "emotionally detached and ready for burritos"
nope. you're trading your time for food.
is it shady to go on dates just for the free food asking for a friend



i seriously going to cry. i didn't know it was today til i went to my lab last night.
that makes two of us! i just went through your snapchat thinking damn dedication!!
this exam is going to kill me
i have been up since 430 just tossing &amp; turning



hell nah , yo elephant pussy smelling ass
bald head ass lol 
ya
dude from the y ?



love u more bb stay smiling
i love you
+ you're too amazing to be sad
if i don't think about it i won't be sad



this is the best thing i've ever seen on the internet!!!
i want another quesadilla
i got a quesadilla. follow ur bliss
i would like a quesadilla



kills all bacteria and sickness in your body 
is that a life changer?
drink more fiji water!
if i could go one day without not feeling like shit that will be the best day of my life



you're so cute, what the fuck. wanna make out with you and touch you.
i know. 
i love you, cutie.
i love him.



why not fool
i tried that couldn't apply
smh ground is gonna be a bitch should've done freight with the big boys ;)
i applied at fedex ground and ups. 



yes i have 
you haven't  even hmu
i'm trying 
i want  to be in love . make me feel like a woman



same. we gotta wait til tomorrow bruh, i'm so upset lmfaoo.
29 yeah i just realized
check your credits, how many do you have?
it's saying i can't register at this time yet i have no holds on my account...what howard???



hope to see you again friend. take care.
yep 
done competing?
goodmorning twitter!



u don't remember lol in orlando #2016
what?
 #2016
finally back in nyc. sleeping at my moms house tonight then back to gaming tomorrow.



ima dm you my number, text me
yaaaaaas!!! ima have to text you girl.
c u there
people be surprised when i say i'm going to commerce this weekend like i don't go every year. #itsatradition #honorarystudent 



planning on it!
come back sometime. it's the best.
i miss it so much. 
why doesn't everyone live in minneapolis? i love this city so much.



well kys
i did they hung up
call the suicide hotline
someone call me



i lie. it was a post i set up. ugh. why can't we win???
oh yea?  cool i'll check tmw. i changed that 0 to a 1
i think it's working now!
that plugin works fine on my personal acct. wtfffff



yhhhhhhh i got it woo!!!!
my poor fucken laptop. did u get it??
the stressssssssssss
got the badge and now my laptop fan can fucking chill out



but aside from shishito, jalapeo, and maybe serrano, yeah, i haven't seen many green peppers in contemporary cuisine.
green and cooked. tastes like the 80s.
like...bell pepper? or any?
how many award-winning dishes or tasting menus have cooked green pepper? probably zero.



where r u gonna go?
yeah i texted you that i'm going friday
going dt this weekend?
for those who don't know...luna is my dog. i woke my gramma up to sing happy birthday to my dog 



"fees too damn high"
trying to get these origination fees tf outta here, beloved lol

meeting with a prospective portfolio lender today then taking my homie to get some lunch... 



just drive yourself
yeah okay
ight pick me up from stl first though
no but seriously someone drive with me from la to vegas. we can split gas



mcdonald's 
buy me something !
go eat then
hungry asf



absolutely
no problem.  i actually found what i think is going to work -fingers crossed.  let's catch up soon!
i love kiln creations!  sorry i don't have suggestions for you on your inbox query going through same!
hi shannon!  thank you for the follow!  have a great day!  :-)



you lick frog boots
yea i watched zootopia and now i cant stop having sex with frogs
r u a furry
duct tape fur suit



idk i woke up randomly weird
why are u up
big fat pig fat louie
i am the size of louie



you're simply adorable 
sang it the whole way home, too.
absurdly pleased with myself for thinking of this on the way to the lab.
were off to see the vampire,the wonderful vampire of oz!because, because, because, because,because of the wonderful blood she draws!



new orleans should be sunny and beautiful! wish i was going!
for sure. originally one stopover in nyc only which would've cut time but airline changed route. #gohawks
a little jet leg there! what a trip.
. #weare12 



the pioneers used to ride these babies for miles

i'm the back seat of your bolder
so baby pull me closer



for real
this is annoying.. i guess this happens all the time.. obviously they need to change something
mine not my roommates is working. the struggle is real right now
i'm stressing at the moment.... my student center isn't working... 



i get you bro.
right. this is how it should go i think. everyone is misunderstanding my question. obviously students also meet/greet w speakers.
nope. we organize and invite for one student lecture but admin does all logistics.
in your departments, do graduate students perform any of the admin duties for invited speakers? schedule  travel, itinerary, meals, etc?



salty 
what lol

miss jaelin det much .. hopefully i get to be w/ him this weekend since we're both off ...



always had been
spurs played great and kawhi is a monster!!! glad to see they came out ready to ball
nothing good bout that sir
woke up to sportscenter highlights of the warriors getting 30 pieced.... , what a good morning it is!!!!



the response from the check in desk was to read the fine print! i find that also unacceptable!
the flight is full.
hi, karen. please direct message you ticket number. i will take a look.  *mr
your upgrades to a middle seat are not acceptable! seriously!



could have been kidnapped but you wouldn't know bc you was dead sleep 
that's pas too ! like you were just snoring nigga wym you weren't snoring? then who was ? casper ?
"i wasn't even sleeping" nigga you was snoring vincent every time
why is pas such a heavy sleeper !



that part 
and the man is extra but even with it without your kids are there! motivators!! 

kids are greatest gift of all 



not til thanksgiving! 
imu! come home 
imy
late night thought: want in n out.



hell yes lol
shit sucks
hell yea
wish i was rich and didn't work, so i wouldn't have to make this drive every morning at 6:15



i do i do! specially for us actors (:
it's definitely an eye opener. you know what i mean?
i love this. i'm not sure why... but this just hit me in the gut!!!
fall down seven times, stand up eight.



i love you too erin!!
i love you

anymore makes me a depressed child



bruh we about to pick up brennan .
ill get mt own 4 and straight shit on yall
word
need my squad for 4 v 4 football



dm or text me ur fan mail addy so i can send u and ur roomies a lil sumthn sumthn

i miss u too honey
i miss mommy 



is doing 2 nights! i'd be there if i lived closer



me either.  but i'm doing the 2 night st. louis umphreys halloween instead. 
finally coming to terms with reality: i am not going to vegas for #phish 



are you coming back?
nation wide
chilis what where?!
chilis 3 for me...$10



i just don't like people talking to me and distracting me when i'm trying to study 
you "only study by yourself"
hmm
i can never find someone to study w me



so stressed 
i'm so screwed 
aren't you excited for our test tomorrow 
why the hell did i take calculus



but i'm not talking about uninsured going to er though
that's a factor, keep in mind, local dr's office rejects none insured
insurance rates go up because people don't know what the er is for
insurance increased yearly prior 2 #obamacare existing. quit lying2voters



bring sunglasses and flip flops
we're booking a flight, now.
we're going to hit 100 tomorrow
35f outside. yuck.



back in the day i thought he was a shoe in for the white house
i used to like him. he's gone nuts this cycle.
rudy that cleaned up nyc is the lane he need to stay in
... this should be a disaster



like once, but i was their best employee. they never actually did anything 
lmao are you serious omg did they never write you up?
i was late every single day for 6 years. lol.
the fact we let this nigga slide with 30 lates is absolutely beyond me either



oh nah keep doing your thing young gunner !! 
i'm in dr in the lobby waiting on my room so i'm talking shit lol
y u preaching this late
u weak af if u let twitter ruin your relationship



see you saturday 
love you! see you soon?
aw babe i love you 
has had my back and stayed true since middle school. i appreciate you boo. you are rare



its a mere suggestion! :o
youre not in charge of meeeeeeee
yikes, get to bed!
hahahahahahah i have to get up at 6:30



you already know
i'm counting the days jos!!!!! we will have to have a crazy party when i get back 
we'll be waiting for you to come back 
and nick lol



my bad 
lolol bdubs
hooters? 
i hateeeee when i go somewhere in my work clothes and someone yells "where are my wings?!" geezus. stop. 



lol nah on the good ol coachella camry hahaha
on the chally?

car door handle lol random thoughts.



i'm in women and gender studies
are you really though??
down
someone want to write this essay for me  any of you rad dope feminists??



i'm lowkey not even surprised
she has a fatty
you made it
i was in the fittig room and tyra banks told me i look goooood



yeah lol
but you're ray?
what how lol
tell me why i thought u were henry



both.
spelling wise or me talking?
i'm sorry, but there are so many things wrong with this tweet.
lady's, there is nothing wrong with acting like a woman, liking girly things, and having woman like mannerisms.



i'm coming bby
yes! i'm at ballys
blackjack tonight??
im in vegas



darn! i will record these notes for research
no and no, sadly.
uncomfortably full? can you feel your cholesterol dropping?
i've had four bowls of cheerios this morning ama



it'll take him 10 seconds to get comfy again..he's a cat
but he looks so peaceful :)
move they cat...they'll be fine..
i'm cold but can't cover myself because my cat is asleep on my blanket :(



much sass  i was just confused on the sexy part
bacon. lettuce. tomato.
what does that even mean?
"what are you going as for halloween?""a sexy blt"



no greater fact based truth has ever been revealed on twitter.
tomato sauce makes spaghetti taste really good.



good idea. not sure which one.
frame a shirt. memorabilia!
i bought lots of it in oakland &amp; 2 items today.
anybody wanna snapcash me money for some kanye merch? thanks



that's awful. and i thought night shift was bad 
because i am on a 24hr staff duty detail lol so im awake alll night and day 
why are you awake 
a dope ass drive in movie would be legit 



what you on dude? dm me if necessary
not tonight im tryimg to save energy til halloween
i thought you were wasted man lol
14 days and our president will be



don abdy jr.
you took your own lighter?
took my last fucking lighter too 
if i smoke with you and you take my lighter i lose all my respect for you



hahahaha i'm so flattered. 
u r my spirit animal
i took a double shot and a nap and still haven't done anything
idk if i should take a double shot or a nap to power through tonight



you not , i fwy baby 
lol i ain't fake . and ain't no bitch in me lol
you alright lol
i'm really a real ass chick 



here if you need it!
school is rough at the moment 
you ok?
"redesigning the program" shouldn't affect the people already in the program this drastically. it's sad and upsetting.



ur basic for tweeting me the same thing u just texted me 
basic
no1 cares
joey bada$$ - devastated just heard it. new favorite song.



hahaha. you going to uzi next week?
it was a stupid wind storm when i left my cozy 75 degree home, winter enough for me!!
girl it's cold but not winter cold.
so all of a sudden it's fucking winter today?? okay. fine.



sounds like fun.
thanks! plan to lunch with best friend and have lots of girly talks 
happy birthday rose hope you have a fun day.
8:38 am over here and it's my day! can i please  get a day tweet? love from belgium 



fuck sleep :) let's goooooooo
just got into bed lol
let's play cs brother
welp cs?



um. freddy can't take of her but kyra will when i bring her
in citta. she's a smol cutie pls take care of her
eye emojis. where
i might eventually app an oc soon. i think i finally found a good faceclaim for her.



most wild shit i ever seen happened on 55th and international
i use to be on 64th but up the street on that 1 way lol
from 74th and mac
i use to be on 54th and gaskill with them killas



inspect that shit first 
dude that shit is wild
yes! i watched that a few months ago. 
y'all ever heard of the movie teeth?



damn man. my career
last time you did it cost you the tournament. goodnight christopher.
i'm sleep
don't sleep on me.



lol you won't! &amp; not recently i meant to hit her up to check on her.. everything cool?
, lol nahhhh don't wanna come off weird. have you talked to neicha?
shoot your shot
i wanna dm #oomf to talk about something, but i'm scared.



i'm not lmao but is that supposed to mean cold? 
dont judge me linda 
i've never heard anyone use brick like that 
its brick outside



as a  run tmc era warriors fan, i'm sick to death of cleveland, so, we're even 
i would if i stopped getting promoted tweets for her tv show. doubt she's losing any sleep over my tweets.
dude, seriously, leave her alone.
let's hear about how the warriors game was rigged tonight!



oak brook mall lol
where's that?
oak brook has them !






see you friday perra


popping bottles type of week 



let me find out
estas pedo?

i think this dude is drunk sending me kissy emojis l o l



cashier or?
walmart
where you work?
work is way too easy today lmao



i love you too! and you have a great hump day as well 
i love you have a good day today. it's hump day!
good morning kate 
good morning maddy



glad you enjoying the record man that brings me joy
also. drift... i ain't got enough superlatives for that jawn. shit slaps. period.
appreciate it my g
pavy got a hit with until the morning. shit knocks like a mf



waking up to this was probably the best start to the day 
i dig u
i dig it
i put a lot of thought into my latest instagram caption not gonna lie



shit. i gotta stare at the sun. daddy's gone turn 2 a dam 7
funny. it makes guys 75% hotter.
that's foolish. glasses make every girl 15% hotter
smoking hot white model in fake glasses. "she's average! look at her glasses! who couldn't relate to her"-secret deodorant. #closethewagegap



i didn't like that war either....she's a george bush in a pantsuit.
did my part in halliburton's war. still, #hereiamwithher. says a lot : my support is not just about her gender.
well, expect a lot more tears after we end up in more endless wars.
#hereiamwithher. voted for our #hillary yesterday. shimmy, tears, for my grandmothers.



it's "beck &amp; call," 
is there something wrong with what i said lol
....beckon
buy me lots of undies, art supplies and makeup and i will be at your beckon call 



 i think i just look white
really? you look asian to me
but i'm actually just irish and hungarian 
everyone at the bar thinks i'm hispanic



chile...i saw that one coming.
ciara caught the preggnits from russ lol
baby?! what baby?
now if y'all find out this baby really future's, somebody @ me. then y'all can burn the damn tl down



and retain the rights.
and post them here instead. why link to another site owned by facebook to show my pics?
i liked it for three days until i realized they steal the rights to your photos like facebook.
i liked instagram much better before every new follower was a business account or "entrepreneur".



u should creddy me tho
i dont creddy people.
u paying i'm down
who wants to do the umg 4v4 snd "no heatwave" today at 7pm est?



im sure that was his last thought, mol.
i don't know what the mouse was thinking??  why come into a house with 2 ferocious felines??
yay, you great hunter. ive killed lots of lizards and bugs but never a mouse.
i killed a mouse today!  



dont know, thats what im asking
why should it be cool haha
did you quit???
so today something cool happened



oh i'm skipping ws this year.
im a cubs fan for the next two weeks
we were supposed to choose a bandwagon?
im already regretting my bandwagon choice.



pk? that's garbage. top 9 f easy.
looks like they are grooming him as pk. he's got more offense than half the forwards.
is he finally there? wjhc stud! took some time.
love joel armia.  he gives his all. #nhljets



uh huh 
they just had a rough year  they don't suck
quit hating, just accept that the cardinals suck 
i hope the cubs lose



i feeeeeeeel iiiiiiiiittt
aciiiiiid vibesssss
triiiiippppyyyy
and trippy



listen to transviolet too they have this minimalistic vibeee
ikr!!! 
ahhhhhhhh she's amazing! &amp; her songs are pure magic
dua lipa 



are you doing night crew?!
yes
do you still work at safeway??
working these next 8 hours without headphones are gonna be brutal



lol not everyone likes cause there's really no flavor
:( it's sucks but i'll still drink it cause it's healthy
it's the best 
i definitely don't like coconut water



oh fr... whoops 
esque you took long 
what??? im still up bff wym 
why did you fall sleep



facts...i'm gonna stay quiet tho
facts miss you too bro, give alfred work, they're talking crazy lol
good looking brody... no mook shit but i miss you #original lilbro
#stillrecsquad



how or where?
how the heck do you draw the reaction arrows and the curved arrows for 10-12
just finished it! here to save your night 
i have a question for wiley sos



lol i'm never going to watch that show so i can't share your dismay

lol damn you ran through that show
just finished stranger things in less than 48 hours... well, shit.



that's fucking romance fam, forget the 30 bucks
i'll get you the huge coconut water
30 dollars and a coconut water and you got a deal
i'll pay someone to run me over with my car.



dm me your number
i love you more 
i love you kb 
if that nigga ain't doing you right , fuck him . somebody gone do you better  just be patient 



thank you amber i love you so much
it may pass like a kidney stone, but it will pass
hurts me to see you this sad, there will be better days to come 
the days just keep getting harder &amp; it needs to be the other way around



beef and dairy report actually
oh, you listen to breakfast with a bovine too??
like share and subscribe, tell a friend, use the promo code: "hamburger" at checkout
just spent my morning giving podcasts 5 star reviews.



i pray your skrenf in the lawd
for a 4 hour meeting....bih...
noap
gotta drive my ass all the way put to schaumburg this morning 



i feel that on an emotional level... 
this was me today. again. 
still makes me laugh
im callin in dead for work.



what one you work at
idk i'll look when i get there
y'all got some black n white air force ones with the tan bottoms mid top
i gotta be at footlocker early af 



you're going to be so much closer to me 
fontana!
where to ?
moving is so stressful 



 stop calling me nephew
i'm grown nephew
it's way past ya bedtime
bored... sleepy... can't sleep...



ayyee  i knew it
yeah. i'm unemployed again
did you tell her that
take the loss, teach your kid better next time, and get the fuck out of my face



the acne never stops.
dude you're like 7 feet tall how much more puberty could you undergo
honestly, same.
if i could hit puberty at some point that'd be gr8



lol you jus too damn silly 
my gma was like what's wrong w. you 
lol girl you play too much i was serious 
had me loud asf laughing " unh unh don't do that " 



at least he plays w you! anthony wouldn't play me in pool 
he has me playing battleship through imessage right now 
bc he's a nerd 
win every single video game 



have a good sleep. 
hey boo heeeyyyyy 
*waves*
almost off....i'm tired too



i made sure...my car had it...even my truck...lived too long warming cars up...at my age..i had to  say no mas!
i installed that in my durango when i lived up the mountains:)
thank gaaaaaaaaaawd for automatic start...
38 degrees? is this real life?



me too... gets me thawed out on the way to work. 
i'd be lost (or frozen) without them.
good morning to you too! heated seats are the !
good (dark &amp; early) morning it's a seat heaters all the way up kind of a day! #cold



oh ok thanks
the work demands high collaboration with designers, so  the developer needs to be on sight.
is remote an option?
any ios #developer looking for a #job in bangalore at a disruptive healthcare #tech #startup with excellent programming skills? #iosdev



i love you tons muah! 
i love you
proud of you beba 
for everyone that doubted me, just know i'm doing perfectly fine. god has blessed me with more than i deserve!!



wheaty ass
o
corn is far superior to wheat as a crop
y'all corny



u being mad disobedient you 14 year old get to bed
aight son chill
stop live tweeting now liz
you been mad disobedient ma



nigga choked lmao let me get a onside kick  and after i missed the extra point for the tie
nope how bad
lol bruce tell u about that asswhooping i gave him
hungry af 



no you pretty much just need to start over
like there isn't anything else to watch on netflix
i finished it last week and honestly i still don't know what to do with myself
just finished the last episode of that 70s show! now what am i going to do with my life??



they're so amazing in the winter too bc everything smells nice and the food is warm 
i can't wait 
slow cookers are an adults best friend. i'd be lost without mine
yk you're an adult when you want a slow cooker for christmas



it's true
real easy to talk comes down to who's actually about it
best tweet i've seen all night
yall just gotta let the game speak for itself



lmfao classic ted
dude. like the first thing i did when my roommates moved out was stop wearing pants all the damn time.
it's safe to say i have grown up from this lads
my mom left ! time to get naked and make grilled cheese.



i love that answer
it's calming
why
no offends i'm ready for it to rain again for at least 3 days



trust yourself and believe you will become great with your team
i need this
i'm right here bro wassup
need a coach / confidence booster to gas me up 



then when i go as a starbucks frapp we will match 
the you-est you thing i've ever heard!
me? live a day in the life of sara weaver i'll loan you my northface uggs and daddy's starbucks card
what the hell am i supposed to be for halloween?



no i'm not  i wanna go to fright fest!
you gon be boo'd up 
bye
i need somebody to go to six flags with



my demise came from refusing to change the channel after #jeopardy
it automatically came on after shark tank and now i'm emotionally drained!
this almost happened to me last night!! must be some weird phenomena.
why am i crying 45 seconds into watching a random episode of the voice for the first time?



ok yes so true !!!!
when they learn, that a hockey game is 60min long...maybe yes..
sooo let's get a win thursday ??????
so upsetting



can't wait  kinda mad i know were gonna finish it in a day tho 
omg i had goosebumps and just so many tears especially the funeral scene!
legitimately got emotional i couldn't look at the screen the whole time lol
i just watched the gilmore girls trailer and i am sobbing



i'll always be me love  i'll annoy you one day lol
today thank u for being u
idk what i did but you're welcome lol
thank you so much for everything 



go to bed!!
who u tellin
smh
lmfao i stayed up knowing i have to open tomorrow, for this



all three of my dogs and i are on our way to fight
\_()_/
we're over
i'm going to get crucified for this, but it needs to be said:dogs are overrated.



 cmon
oops lol
still waiting for you to visit me
still waiting for brett eldredge to accept my thirst date



sick
of course
can having a period every month substitute for this?
you are not a man until you pee blood from your penis



i hope you're able to overcome the fatigue and have a great day
feeling okay... working to get rid of this fatigue
morning jamie, how are you?
morning!



proud of you love 
nope!! nothing 
no weed?!
tomorrow will make 300 days of complete sobriety from all drugs. so proud of myself 



mine too
fun fact: the best grilled cheese i've ever had in my life was vegan
how about vegan grilled cheese
i have a lot of strong feelings about grilled cheese



most people eat then cheesecake
yeah, the portions are massive and completely lacking in any seasoning other than pepper, but you can
i have never gone there
you can get actual meals at the cheesecake factory???



i'm in tears lol
just wait. i just finished 7!!!
season 7 episode 9 wtf
vampire diaries, season 7, episode 6. i can't with my emotions rn



yes please 
love you  let's catch up soon! missing ya!
awwww thank you jackie 
 you're profile pic...you so gorgeous!



i can see your face now! 
fr thooo, i seen a pic of this bitch on fb n i just cringed the rest of the day.
you're dumb  pineapple head
i'm srry but ur so ugly with ur pineapple headed ass  can't help it



baselayering
moar coats give the bike shed a more robust look
meh. everyone knows you should pai t it 23 times.
imagine painting the same bikeshed 16x!!!



yea come chloe
dang i think imma come
yea he not here yet
are you in class?



too bad, ciseaux...
roche
roche papier ciseaux?
je veux, pis en mme temps je veux pas.



there was pokemon the musical featuring cast members from wicked and the book of mormon!
if there was i'd be more likely to watch dbz
why is there no dragon ball z the musical?



na its sick
its so ugly
same.
have to leave conversation when i'm sent the cx face



no bitch you cook your own dinner since you know how to cook so well
then cook me dinner tmrw night
i don't need to learn you got me messed up lol
bring you over, i'll teach you how to cook 



lol i'll get food
bitch i would i'm in class
eatt
currently starving






cause people let social media control them like god damn this ain't real life lmao
on gawd loll like i still fwu bro 
b butt hurt cause somebody unfollows them 
why ppl be so tight when you ain't following them on here



nah you'll be okay. unless the clowns come.
then anyone could just sneak in and get me!
easy peasy don't lock the doors.
it infuriates me that i have to use my key to unlock my door to leave my apartment.



the shit 85 questions bruh
i just woke up and by the time i get to class the test gone end  so fuck it.
why you not here 
cant wait for the next #pangea 



what r u sorry for im scared
im sorry nhi
ehat
sorry reip



like an animal in captivity
i'd just kill her pimp and set her free
that shit would fucking suck
what if my soulmate was a prostitute 



i miss you too  i hope browns everything you hoped for and more 
aww, i miss you
you avi 
so blessed to have my mom as my best friend, wow



and utah lost too. big day for you
nothing crazy but hopefully it wasn't a total disappointment... like the warriors.
had to come check your twitter feed as soon as i saw the score this morning.
so how about that warriors super team! whoa! super, indeed!



nah nah thats your upper lip
srry but that's you that stankkk
nobody wants to talk to your smelly ass
someoneeee talk to mee



this doesn't even make sense stop
ditto
i love dogs more than you
dogs are beautiful and perfect i love all of them



substitute for fresh whale oil then
goshhh cod liver oil?
rosemary tea w cod liver oil. try it sometime.
look at my asthma being a cunt.



learn something new every day!!
well i tested the theory...it worked! hopefully it does next time, and the next time,  and the next time, etc...lol.
they actually did a study. walking through doorways makes your brain reconfigure. if u go back2 previous room, u'll remember 
#whatimgoodat forgetting why i walked into a room. i'm not just good at it, i excel.



i'll be sitting down there at 7:29 lol
yessss meet you in the lobby dobby...at 7:30 lmao
so curtis or nah?
or maybe if i went to bed at a decent time it wouldn't be so bad 



yeah its acc ridiculous, now she cant get back in :(
sort your fansites out!!!
and they kicked my friend cus she glitched sigh
power tripping and changing answers mid way through the event



i dmed them to u
i can't read his tweets - as he protects them for his cronies &amp; pushers!!
read his tweets
i had lot of respect for your democracy struggle, but asking players to stop #pushups takes away all that! #cantbemoreridiculous



lol i ain't gone do it. that could really go either way. all depends on who defense wants it more
yessir !
eagle vs cowboys?
will be taking bets on the game sunday



dallas cowboys?
you offering?  our anniversary coming up 

i need a cowboys shirt. somebody hook me up



thanks connie.
oh. hope you like that.
i'm retired now.
do you work for cbs news?



story of my life
too late fam
rich bring me a davys juicy "burger"






stfu
no one asked for your opinion
stfu
i got fake people showin fake love to me



i'm wide awake cause i'm at work, keeping the world safe &amp; saving lives, lol 
still wide awake &amp; got to be up in three hours watching cher on youtube 
good night terri, sleep well 
good night karen 



add me on snap so i can see them when you done kfree112
thank you .
they going to look good on you 
i change my mind i'm getting feed in ghana braids 



friendship over smh
idk yet lol
what's mine
if i gave you a nick name just know that i like you



ugly duckling syndrome unite

same but it's k because now i have u :d so i win
i remember early in high school i couldn't get a date to save my life.



yes, we'll have to figure something out!
dang! fantastic question. i guess we would have to agree to wait for the next one on 12/24, yeah?
woah, if we did wager something, what would we have done?!
we wagering on this game? 



try a microwave
darn it :/
uh no don't think so
can you make hot chocolate in the oven



sounds like fun
thanks! plan to lunch with best friend and have lots of girly talks 
happy birthday rose hope you have a fun day.
8:38 am over here and it's my day! can i please  get a day tweet? love from belgium 



oh shit sick i'm going to the inglewood one next wednesday
we are going to sac!!
which show!
going to see kanye. 



i'm sorry, babe. wish i could do something to help.
away. 
did you try taking some ibuprofen?
it fucking hurts to even lay my head down. god.



i'm soooo happy for ya kev, you were def in your element
i'm so happy rn 
your snaps tonight! i'm soooooo jealous
oh. my. god.



shooot me i been kickin it yenno school n work
my main savage! how you been man?
savage
no one can tell a story in a song as well as eminem, don't @ me



that makes so much sense lmaoooooo
wyees
 who
i hate having to beat the fuck out of here thief ass friends we got



what in the actual fuck
the only big ken we know  reece
big ken from where ??
wtf man rip big ken 



i'm still traumatized from my qualifying exams. i can't even get to the dissertation in my dreams.
wow how awful!!
"we made a mistake and you don't actually have a degree."
had a distressing nightmare last night in which i had to defend my dissertation again



lmfao 
this was me today. again. 
still makes me laugh
im callin in dead for work.



have a great day
:)
morning
mornin'



i know, too close! i hope the top 3 lineup put up some numbers tonight too! #worldseries #cubsvsindians #bittersoxfanforlife
thanks peach! he almost hit one out last night!!
i'm honestly hoping schwarber smashes one out of the park for you tonight!  #worldseries #schwarbersmash #bittersoxfanforlife
coolest foul ball catch run into the of from baez #letsgocubs #cubsvsindians #worldseries



hit that h &amp; m or forever 21. you'll find something
already in the mall
go to the mall
can't find anything to wear for this weekend at all n it's stressing me out



there's also very little about bill clinton, from what i've seen.
well, there's little or no substantive discussion of her health - neither confirming the spin of her camp or otherwise.
please go on, ron.
if you think about it, what's absent from the wikileaks emails is at least as intriguing as what's in them.



same
no but like for realz i do too
yes!!! also, fyi, i think of you pretty much every thursday.
??? #getfamousthursdays



today is a new day. let's make this one prosperous &amp; productive 
 yesterday i ain't make it to none . i was stuck .
at least you're making it 
i'm barely making it to class 



does the soul good
lil john mayer for the morning
need some company ?
perfectly lonely



you'll be alright, just have a shot of bourbon chased with a pumpkin spiced latte. it will help
you would  lol enjoy your weather.  i need a flight to a 90 degree island stat! 
it sure did, and i love it. it was almost 90 degrees like 4 days ago.
cheeszus fall arrived late but quick.  



good, fine as frogs hair, can't complain...not gonna complain!. and you? how are you?!
so the question was, how are you today.
you ought to see the peeling bark on the northern white birch and silver birch au naturals 
good morning glory.  isn't that bark art work cool?



them shits don't work 
 you need to take some sleeping pills
fuck it 
you never sleep 



no not hot i just can't get comfortable 
then get to it  or is it hot asf in your room too 
same
need to get some sleep



oh that's what that last tweet said lol
lol not even close
 you tuff as nails ain't you
it feel good to know i can have any nigga i want 



yes lol lush put stop while there too of course
lol but really, guess i'll have to go jean shopping
booty gains be like
putting on jeans for the first time in forever and realizing you no longer have jeans that fit 



you letting out all the cold air
why 
keep them closed
dms opennnnn



haters gone hate. fuck em
yes! it's crazy
over one game!? 
warriors haters twitter off the chain right now



u got this fam
i aint taking this l 
lit
the longest game of checkers ive ever played.



yeah yeah, they kick the season off in april!
must have missed it... they play again soon right?
did you dvr it??
looking for the dodgers game on my tv guide...



grambling hall
wya ?

match anyone ?



what up sick
hiiiiii

good morning #cowboysnation 



he gone be dead next let em know please thanks
yea his phone dead
hey my homeboy round you still ?
what is it to do on the tuesday



you too 
heyy, i hope you have a good day 
just wanted to stop through and say heyyy
it was so hard getting out of bed this morning 



you are an italian that's never been to italy.
whatever you say prince alex
you are so gay
i feel the sudden need to watch all 3 high school musicals



not tomorrow, november 23rd 
so you are going tomorrow?!
yaaaas
kanye is gonna be so fucking lit i swear to gawd!!!



well, i'm not talking baseball. i'm talking real indians in north dakota.people as mascots = bad
naturally, i should like chicago. however, i just can't stand the despicable cubs owners.
i hope the #indians win today in #standingrock #nodapl :)
if the indians win, i may actually have to do a pub crawl in cleveland!



bronze is in this season
lol i came third still got a medal
did you lose?
lol guys i just did a race in olympus where the first olympic games were wbu?



it's decent. but imo, sao 1 was better.
lame. i'm more into the virtual world part of sao.
meh. sao 1 was better. it's a lot more real world than virtual for kirito. not a huge fan.
is sword art online 2 worth watching



when do nyr play there
i would sell my soul to the devil to go ... i would walk there shshsh
i will 1000% join you
i want to go to a game in edmonton more than anything.



he was suppose to have that bp tournament, i'm about to die when he finally gets it together
fuck i haven't ran it with juan in a min  i'll hit you up when we do
when y'all having bp?y'all need to stop acting jewish and hit me up.
a1 since day 1.



that's the worst argument i've ever heard.
tomatoes on sandwiches are shitty. tomatoes on/in other stuff is fine.
but you don't like tomatoes....that's worse.....
if you like mayo, please unfollow and then block me, you nasty idiot.



in on this
yes please!!!!

i need lady friends around here that'll do lame movie and wine nights.



like really, i'll take a nap or something but today i'm just up like its normal.
i'm not even sleepy lol usually when i get off work i be tired
girl that's what i be thinking lol.
exactly i just got off at 12 wtf have i been doing since then



stop being like this

miss you too
i miss my other half. 



don't yell
dammit jordyn you didn't respond so i totally forgot #yourfault
and never texted me and shit
i'm up at 3am practicing my costume makeup.  wide awake and shit



have class 
let's go to woodbridge
si
are you home



.
"getting sick of your shit, kane" *rko outta nowhere*. sounds like something randy would do.
kane has been very naughty as of late. he's holding randy back. thus, an rko was a suitable alternative.
wait, what, rko to kane?!?! #sdlive



?
ik hes the realest uk rapper
what you know about stormzy? lol
stormzy is the realest



ya girl just ain't got the juice, no more.
to say the least 
unimpressed, huh? 
i heard that snippet 



i'm coming back in january! 
uh oh guess you have to come see snl again this season !!!
i was thinking about that today and i got so sad
.



if you lucky
same price as a pair of yeezy?
you bout to pay a arm for them shits
i want a pair of human race sneakers where can i find them



i coach till 9:30 but i could drive up!
yes it is and yes i am! 
is that their halloween party?  if you go i could maybe make an appearance . i miss you!
will you be at the phi delts friday???



my ls at the jbj said she did too
well idk but mine did
girl yeah.
sooo.... did everyone on uapb campus tv's loose signal?



i'm near the gym fight me pussy
i'm waiting
i'll beat your ass 
jordan's fucking retarded



rightttttt lmfao
nah my lighting on my phone was all the way down lmao
my selfies got bad lighting? lol
bad lighting fit selfies &gt;



yeah!  that sounds like the tracy in my timeline. 
naw...already on my 2nd glass lol
just one?
whatever, i'm gonna uncork this bottle and have me a glass of wine.. 



where you at
k babe.
bitch.
just riding these ol dirt roads.



like if you forget to pack something
???
i have stuff here
so much to do before leaving for d.c. ahhh



lmfao
i havent groped that ass in a while i need dat
i got u
any hot chicks wanna let me touch their but today?



 on the with irs

u cute now
i'll be back cute in 2 weeks



that's wassup 
working other than that living life you kno how that goes 
good  wby
what's going on fooly how u been doing



gotchu
bet lemme borrow them
yea
does anyone have white spandex



appreciate that shorty, you too. 
you're beautiful ma !
wassup shorty. 
avi  hey boo



make sure i have a bed and seat saved next to you!
im leaving today once i get off work
tomorrow
what day are you coming to effie??



what a piece of shit
he flashed us then we scored so he sadly put his shirt back on #fuckhighline
i'm disgusted
there was a greasy kid at highline who was basically miles dipped in a bucket of ranch



cmd+opt+esc is good but still available via menubar
seems the major complaints so far are from vim users like yourself. im wondering how force quit is gonna work.
about 50 times today. terminal vim user.
answer me this fellow apple peoples: how many times in the past year have you used the escape key?



literally never about that account, love it.
like 2 weeks ago and it's going as terribly as i remember, but deg is still hilarious so it's ok
yo when did you get back on twitter? haha
what's up dad



